The family of Elon Musk includes his mother Maye Musk, a model and author, his father Errol Musk, a businessman and politician, his siblings Kimbal Musk  and Tosca Musk, and his cousin Lyndon Rive. His ex-wives are Justine Musk and Talulah Riley. Other family includes his daughter Florish Musk, his nephew Ethan Musk and his niece Camila Musk.


== History ==
Elon Musk's paternal great-grandmother was a Dutchwoman descended from the Dutch Free Burghers, while one of his maternal great-grandparents came from the Haldimann family in Switzerland. His paternal grandmother was English from Liverpool and his paternal grandfather Walter Henry J. Musk was South African. Elon Musk's father, Errol Musk, is a South African former electrical and mechanical engineer consultant and property developer, who was involved in emerald mines in the 1980s, and was a member of the South African Progressive Federal Party.: 225, fn 119 
His maternal grandparents Winnifred Josephine "Wyn" (Fletcher) and Joshua Norman Haldeman were explorers who lived in South Africa and Canada and searched for the Lost City of the Kalahari. Joshua Haldeman was a former director of Technocracy Incorporated and a political activist who ran for the Canadian Parliament on the Social Credit Party ticket, and headed the Canadian branch of the Technocracy movement.


== Parents ==


=== Errol Musk ===

Errol Musk is a retired South African engineer, politician, and businessman born in South Africa. His mother, Cora Amelia, was British and his father Walter Henry James Musk was a South African army sergeant. Errol attended Clapham High School, where he dated Maye Haldeman, and the pair married in 1970.: 44  The family lived in Pretoria, where Maye worked as a dietician and a model. Their first child, Elon Reeve Musk, was born in 1971, named after Maye's grandfather J. Elon Haldeman, with the name Reeve after her maternal grandmother's maiden name.
On 9 March 1972, Musk was elected as an independent to represent Sunnyside on the Pretoria City Council.: 52 He became a member of the recently-formed Progressive Federal Party and ran as their nominee in the 1981 election.: 52 : 225, fn 119  In 1983, his resignation from the party amid divisions over a constitutional referendum was front page news.: 225, fn 119 
Musk studied electromechanics at the University of Pretoria, worked as an electrical and mechanical engineering consultant, and developed properties, especially retail and office property development.: 27  His lucrative engineering business which took on "large projects such as office buildings, retail complexes, residential subdivisions, and an air force base." He also owned an auto parts store, as well as "one of the biggest houses in Pretoria" In 1979, Musk and wife Maye divorced. Maye's book recalls that at the time of the divorce, he owned two homes, a yacht, a plane, five luxury cars, and a truck.
In her memoir, Maye characterized her marriage as abusive and alleged Errol had been violent. She recounts a time during their divorce when she sought refuge at a neighbor's home after Errol showed up with a knife looking for her. After the divorce, Musk repeatedly sued his ex-wife for custody of their children.
He was briefly married to a woman named Sue. 
In the early 1990s, Errol, then aged 45, married Heide Bezuidenhout, a 25-year old he described as "one of the best looking women I’ve ever seen in my life". They had two children. Jana Bezuidenhout, who later became his romantic partner, was his stepdaughter from that marriage, four years old at the time Errol became her stepfather.   
In the early 1980s, Errol built a lodge in the Timbavati Game Reserve to rent to tourists.: ch. 3 
In 1986, he acquired rights to the output of three Zambian emerald mines, though he did not own mines themselves. In interviews with Walter Issacson, he explained: "If you registered it, you would wind up with nothing, because the Blacks would take everything from you".: ch. 1  He later referred to his wealth during Elon's teen years in an interview with Business Insider South Africa, saying he had "so much money we couldn't even close our safe" and mentioned his emerald dealings. Snopes confirmed that at some point he owned "a stake in an emerald mine near Lake Tanganyika in Zambia". He once described his emerald mine as an "under the table" operation.
In the 21st century, Errol Musk achieved notoriety for his relationships with his ex-wife Maye and their children: the industrialist Elon, restaurateur Kimbal Musk, and filmmaker Tosca Musk; as well as with his step-daughter turned romantic partner, Jana Bezuidenhout.
Errol is a pro-natalist.
In 2014, Musk gave an interview about his son Elon. In 2017, Musk was interviewed by Neil Strauss of Rolling Stone for a profile of Elon titled "The Architect of Tomorrow". Errol recalled that he had once shot and killed in self-defense "three out of five or six armed people" who had broken into his home. Elon described his father Errol as a "terrible human being", adding: "Almost every evil thing you could possibly think of, he has done."
In March 2018, it was reported that Musk had fathered a child with his adult step-daughter Jana Bezuidenhout.
In July 2022, Musk gave an interview to the tabloid newspaper The Sun, announcing that he and Jana Bezuidenhout had had another child. Musk has a total of seven children, according to People magazine in November 2022. On 1 August 2022, Musk appeared on The Kyle and Jackie O Australian radio show, saying he was "not proud" of his son.
Musk was interviewed by author Walter Isaacson for his 2023 biography of Musk's son Elon, which discussed Errol Musk at length. In June 2024, he said Elon had upgraded his home security system, fearing he was at risk of kidnapping.
In 2024 Errol defended Elon after the latter said that the United Kingdom was heading towards a civil war. Later in 2024 Errol said that Prime Minister Keir Starmer was a fascist as a result of his response to the 2024 United Kingdom riots.


=== Maye Musk ===

Maye Musk (née Haldeman; born April 19, 1948) is a model, dietitian and author. She has been a model for 50 years, appearing on the covers of magazines, including a Time magazine health edition, Women's Day, international editions of Vogue, and Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. She is the mother of Elon Musk, Kimbal Musk and Tosca Musk. She holds Canadian, South African, and American citizenship. She is a registered dietitian. She published her memoir, A Woman Makes a Plan in 2019.


== Siblings ==


=== Kimbal Musk ===

Kimbal James Musk (born 20 September 1972) is  a South African restaurateur, chef, and entrepreneur.  He owns The Kitchen Restaurant Group, a collection of restaurants located in Colorado and Chicago. He is the co-founder and chairman of Big Green, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that has built hundreds of outdoor classrooms called Learning Gardens in schoolyards across America. Musk is also the co-founder and chairman of Square Roots, an urban farming company growing food in hydroponic, indoor, climate controlled shipping containers. Musk currently sits on the boards of Tesla Inc. and SpaceX, both of which his brother Elon is the current CEO. He was on the board of Chipotle Mexican Grill from 2013 to 2019. He is the brother of Tosca Musk, son of Errol and Maye Musk, and a major shareholder in Tesla.
In 1995 he co-founded, with his brother, Elon Musk, the software company Zip2, which was acquired by Compaq for $307 million in 1999.


=== Tosca Musk ===

Tosca Musk (born 20 July 1974) is a South African filmmaker. She is an executive producer and director of feature films, television programs, and web content. Her work includes K. Bromberg's Driven, Rachel van Dyken's Matchmaker's Playbook, and  her web series, Tiki Bar TV. Tosca is the younger sister of Elon Musk and Kimbal Musk,  and daughter of Errol Musk and Maye Musk. She co-founded the streaming service Passionflix.


== Relationships and children ==


== Further reading ==
Musk, Maye (31 December 2019) A Woman Makes a Plan: Advice for a Lifetime of Adventure, Beauty, and Success Penguin Random House
Isaacson, Walter (12 September 2023) Elon Musk Simon and Schuster


== References ==Elon Musk is the CEO or owner of multiple companies including Tesla, SpaceX, and X Corp, and has expressed many views on a wide variety of subjects, ranging from politics to science.
Musk has often been described as libertarian, but also describes himself as "politically moderate". Following the COVID-19 pandemic, however, his views have also been described as becoming more right-wing and conservative over time. Within the context of American politics, Musk has said he supported Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012, Hillary Clinton in 2016, Joe Biden in 2020, and Donald Trump in 2024. In 2022, Musk said he would start voting for Republican Party candidates, with him showing support for Vivek Ramaswamy in the 2024 Republican presidential primaries. He has stated support for universal basic income, gun rights, freedom of speech, a tax on carbon emissions and opposes government subsidies. He is also a critic of illegal immigration and short-selling.
Musk has expressed concern about issues such as artificial intelligence (AI), climate change and population decline. He has also criticized COVID-19 lockdowns, public transportation, and labor unions. He has promoted conspiracy theories, and made controversial statements that have led to accusations of sexism, antisemitism, support of white pride and transphobia. His views on international relations, including on the China-Taiwan and Russia-Ukraine conflicts, have received mixed reactions.


== International relations ==


=== Bolivia ===
In July 2020, Musk tweeted, "We will coup whoever we want! Deal with it" in response to a Twitter user who implied that the US government organized a coup (referring to the 2019 Bolivian political crisis) against Evo Morales for Musk to obtain lithium from Bolivia. Musk's tweet caused controversy and was later deleted.


=== China ===
Musk has praised China and has been described as having a close relationship with the Chinese government, allowing access to its markets for Tesla. After Gigafactory Shanghai produced its first batch of vehicles, Musk thanked the Chinese government and Chinese people while criticizing the United States and its people.: 207–208  On the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Chinese Communist Party, Musk praised the state's "economic prosperity". In 2022, Musk wrote an article for China Cyberspace, the official publication of Cyberspace Administration of China, which enforces Internet censorship in China. His writing the article was described as conflicting with his advocacy for free speech.


=== Russian invasion of Ukraine ===

Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, Musk published a social media post that read "Hold Strong Ukraine [sic]" and "my sympathies to the great people of Russia, who do not want this", after which Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Musk for "for supporting Ukraine with words and deeds". In another post published in March, Musk challenged Russian President Vladimir Putin to a fight.
Musk floated a controversial proposal on Twitter in October 2022, arguing that Ukraine should permanently cede occupied territories (e.g. Crimea) to Russia, and that Ukraine should drop its bid to join NATO. The four-part proposal, posted as a Twitter poll, suggested new referendums under United Nations supervision on the annexation of Russia-occupied territories. The proposal was welcomed by the Russian government and denounced by Zelenskyy as "pro-Russia", with officials noting that people who had been murdered or forcibly deported by Russia would be unable to vote.
Musk appeared to be "transmitting a message" for Putin, according to foreign affairs specialist Fiona Hill. In Politico's interview with Hill, she said that Musk's suggestion that Kherson and Zaporizhzhia be up for negotiation, and that the water supply for Crimea be secured, was "so specific that this clearly is a message from Putin". Musk previously made a similar suggestion at a September event in Aspen, Colorado. Hill told Politico, "Putin plays the egos of big men, gives them a sense that they can play a role. But in reality, they're just direct transmitters of messages from Vladimir Putin".
In an email newsletter, Ian Bremmer, head of Eurasia Group, a political-risk consultancy, said that Musk told him that he had spoken directly with Putin, which Musk denied in a reply on Twitter. Musk claimed he had spoken to Putin only once 18 months prior, on a space-related subject matter. Bremmer later took to Twitter to say Musk had told him of the discussion with Putin two weeks earlier. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called it "untrue", claiming Musk and Putin had only spoken about a year and a half before. In 2024, The Wall Street Journal reported that Musk and Putin had been in regular contact since 2022. Peskov again stated that Musk and Putin have only had one telephone call in which they discussed "space as well as current and future technologies."
Since the Russian invasion in early 2022, Ukraine has been reliant on Musk's Starlink satellite internet service for communications. In 2023, Ukraine requested Musk enable Starlink up to Crimea for use in a counterattack against the Russian fleet in Sevastopol, from which missiles and drones have been launched towards Ukraine. Musk denied the request, expressing concerns about escalation. Musk's stance has been criticized in Ukraine because of the effect it had on their battlefield strategy. The New York Times underscored that Musk's actions had directly impacted Ukraine's attempts to defend itself and reclaim its territory.
Musk has repeatedly expressed concern that a protracted war between Russia and Ukraine could lead to the use of nuclear weapons and the outbreak of World War III.
In October 2023, Musk used a meme on X to mock Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy and U.S. aid being sent to Ukraine. "So you have bought social media to bully people who are dying because [they] love freedom," Ukrainian stand-up comedian Anton Tymoshenko wrote in response.


=== Taiwan ===
In October 2022, Musk suggested that Taiwan should become "a special administrative zone" of China with an "arrangement that's more lenient than Hong Kong" during an interview with the Financial Times. The proposal drew cross-party criticism from Taiwanese lawmakers. Wang Ting-yu of the Democratic Progressive Party posted on Facebook that "Musk's solution is all about victim concessions." Chen Shih-chung commented that "Elon Musk has brought about revolutionary change through Tesla and SpaceX, even aiding Ukraine against the Russian dictatorship through Starlink," and "I'm calling on Elon to hold himself to the same democratic values regarding Taiwan." Chinese Ambassador to the United States Qin Gang thanked Musk for his suggestion adding "Provided that China's sovereignty, security and development interests are guaranteed, after reunification Taiwan will enjoy a high degree of autonomy as a special administrative region, and a vast space for development." Representative of Taiwan to the United States Hsiao Bi-khim said that "our freedom and democracy are not for sale." Shortly after Musk's comments, China gave Tesla a tax break.
During an interview with CNBC in May 2023, Musk remarked that "The official policy of China is that Taiwan should be integrated... One does not need to read between the lines. One can simply read the lines. There's a certain inevitability to the situation." Taiwan's Foreign Minister Joseph Wu tweeted at Musk in response, saying in part that China's "expansionist policy violates rules-based international order & the status quo. Mr. @ElonMusk, other than money, there is something we call VALUES." The China Daily ran the headline "Elon Musk: Taiwan should be integrated" following the interview. In September 2023, at the All-In Summit in Los Angeles, Musk again stated that Taiwan was part of China likening it to Hawaii. He again received significant criticism from Taiwan with Foreign Minister Wu tweeting that Taiwan was not for sale and adding "Hope Elon Musk can also ask the CCP to open X to its people. Perhaps he thinks banning it is a good policy, like turning off Starlink to thwart Ukraine's counterstrike against Russia." US congressmen Andy Ogles and Randy Weber published an open letter challenging Musk's interpretation of history and his exposure to the CCP.


=== Israel–Hamas war ===
In a YouTube podcast interview on November 10, 2023, Musk criticized Israel's actions in the Gaza Strip during the Israel–Hamas war, saying that Hamas "wanted to commit the worst atrocities that they could in order to provoke the most aggressive response possible from Israel." He added that "if you are not going to just outright commit a genocide, which will and should obviously not be acceptable by anyone, then you are going to leave a lot of people alive who subsequently hate Israel."
On November 17, 2023, Musk announced a policy change on the X platform, stating that users who use terms like "decolonization" and "from the river to the sea," or similar expressions that, according to him, imply genocide of the Jewish people in Israel, will be suspended.


== Politics ==


=== Canada convoy protest ===
On January 27, 2022, Musk tweeted "Canadian truckers rule", endorsing the Canada convoy protest, branded as the "Freedom Convoy" by its organizers. Musk tweeted extensively in support of the protest, which began as a denunciation of COVID-19 vaccine mandates for truck drivers crossing the Canada–United States border, but morphed into being against COVID-19 restrictions in general.
On February 16, 2022, apparently supporting the protest, Musk tweeted and later deleted a meme comparing Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau to Adolf Hitler. Trudeau's government had recently invoked the Emergencies Act to cut funding to the convoy protest, which was founded and internationally funded by far-right activists. The Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum accused Musk of exploiting the tragedy of the Holocaust, and the American Jewish Committee asked Musk to apologize.


=== Free speech ===
 
In 2022, Musk refused to block Russian state media on SpaceX's Starlink satellites in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, calling himself "a free speech absolutist." On April 14, 2022, Musk made an offer to buy Twitter, saying "I invested in Twitter as I believe in its potential to be the platform for free speech around the globe, and I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy".  Musk identified his definition of free speech as "that which matches the law",  advocating that corporate censorship of speech should not go significantly beyond minimum legal requirements, but that lawful censorship requests should be upheld.
Since Musk's acquisition, Twitter has increased its approval of censorship requests by governments. During the 2023 Turkish presidential election, Twitter limited access to content in Turkey. Reports indicated that affected accounts were those critical of incumbent president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, including political opponents and journalists. Musk defended this move by stating that the alternative would have been to "throttle [Twitter] in its entirety" and claimed it was "par for the course for all Internet companies". Twitter has also censored tweets and blocked accounts that are critical of India's prime minister Narendra Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party, with Musk stating that "Twitter doesn't have a choice but to obey local governments".
Musk stated that Truth Social "exists because Twitter censored free speech," noting the application's rank in popularity above Twitter and TikTok in the Apple store at the time.  (Trump created the alt-tech platform after Twitter banned him for inciting violence following the 2021 United States Capitol attack.) On May 10, 2022, Musk called Twitter's decision to ban Trump "morally wrong", and said that he will reverse Trump's ban when he buys Twitter. On November 19, 2022, following a Twitter poll which resulted in 51.8% of over 15 million votes in favor of reversing the ban, he unbanned Trump.
In November 2022, Musk tweeted that he was so committed to free speech that he would not ban @ElonJet, a Twitter account that tracked the publicly available real-time flight data of Musk's private plane. Musk reversed his position the next month, banning the account and several journalists who had reported on it, accusing them of doxxing. He also announced that he would take legal action against @ElonJet.
Musk has been accused of trying to silence some critics' speech. In 2021, Tesla reportedly asked the Chinese government to block some social media posts that were critical of Tesla. Twitter has filed strategic lawsuits against public participation for some U.S. critics, and it is facing a speech-related case involving a critic in Germany.


=== Gun rights ===
In the aftermath of the Uvalde school shooting, Musk said that he supports "tight background checks" on all gun purchases. He also said that he supports limiting the sale of assault rifles to those living in "high risk" locations with issues such as "gang warfare" and to owners of gun ranges, adding that "Assault rifles should at minimum require a special permit, where the recipient is extremely well vetted". However, Musk said that he "strongly" believed "that the right to bear arms is an important safeguard against potential tyranny of government. Historically, maintaining their power over the people is why those in power did not allow public ownership of guns".


=== Capital punishment ===
After several hospitals and clinics in the United States were attacked by a cyberattack on August 4, 2023, and emergency rooms had to be shut down, Elon Musk agreed to a tweet that the perpetrators "Absolutely" should receive the death penalty. 
In 2024, Musk tweeted his support for the death penalty again.


=== Political parties and the US in general ===

In 2014, Musk described himself politically as "half Democrat, half Republican" and "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative." In 2018, he stated that he was "not a conservative. I'm registered independent [and] politically moderate." He stated in 2022 that he had "voted overwhelmingly for Democrats, historically" but intended to vote Republican in an upcoming election.
Prompted by the emergence of artificial intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a universal basic income; he additionally backs direct democracy and has stated he thinks the government on Mars will be a direct democracy. He has described himself as a "socialist" but "not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive"; he later clarified not to take this tweet too seriously. He supports targeting an inclusive tax rate of 40%; prefers consumption taxes to income taxes; and supports the estate tax, as the "probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high."
In an interview with The Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats", but that he also gives heavily to Republicans. Musk further stated that political contributions are a requirement in order to have a voice in the United States government. A 2012 report from the Sunlight Foundation, a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending, found that since 2002, SpaceX had spent more than $4 million on lobbying the United States Congress and more than $800,000 in political contributions to Democrats and Republicans. As for Musk specifically, the same report said that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated," and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1." and that "Musk himself has donated roughly $725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed $2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over $100,000) to Barack Obama's reelection campaign and donated $5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. [...] All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly $250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."
Musk has described the United States as "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes democracy would not exist any longer if not for the United States, saying that it prevented this disappearance on three occasions through its participation in World War I, World War II, and the Cold War. Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."
In September 2021, in response to Texas Governor Greg Abbott saying that Musk supported Texas' "social policies", Musk tweeted "In general, I believe government should rarely impose its will upon the people, and, when doing so, should aspire to maximize their cumulative happiness" and "That said, I would prefer to stay out of politics".
In November 2021, Musk was criticized after mocking US Senator Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Sanders had posted a message on Twitter saying "We must demand that the extremely wealthy pay their fair share. Period." and Musk had replied: "I keep forgetting that you're still alive."


=== Race and white nationalism ===
In February 2023, following racist comments from cartoonist Scott Adams in which he described Black people as a hate group and encouraged racial segregation, Musk accused the media of being racist against Whites and Asians and agreed with a tweet saying that "Adams' comments weren't good" but that there was "an element of truth to it".
In May 2023, Musk attacked George Soros on Twitter after the investor sold a small stake in Tesla. Musk compared Soros to the Jewish supervillain Magneto. When his comment was criticized by another Twitter user who said that Soros had good intentions, Musk responded "You assume they are good intentions. They are not. He wants to erode the very fabric of civilization. Soros hates humanity." The Anti-Defamation League criticized the tweets as antisemitic, noting that Soros had long been the target of conspiracy theories, and claimed that the tweets would embolden extremists. A member of the Israeli Foreign Ministry criticized Musk and Twitter for not combating antisemitism on the platform. The minister of Israel's Ministry of Diaspora Affairs defended Musk stating that "Criticism of Soros [...] is anything but anti-Semitism." In an interview following the criticism Musk denied being antisemitic but also asserted that "I'll say what I want, and if the consequence of that is losing money, so be it." When pressed on the antisemitic elements of his comments Musk replied "I'm a pro-Semite, if anything."

In August 2023, Musk criticized the "Kill the Boer" song which was sung by Julius Malema during a rally for the far-left South African party Economic Freedom Fighters. He claimed that the song was a pushing for a White genocide. Malema replied on Twitter stating "O bolela masepa" ("You are talking shit").
    
    
    

    
    
    

In September 2023, Musk assured Benjamin Netanyahu that he was against antisemitism.  On 28 September 2023, Musk discussed the issues online with a panel of right-leaning Jewish leaders including former Israeli president Reuven Rivlin, attorney Alan Dershowitz, who represented Donald Trump in his first impeachment trial as well as several Rabbis including Shmuley Boteach, where Musk denied allegations of antisemitism and cited the suspension of Kanye West as an example of enforcement on his platform. The group also criticized the ADL's criticism of Musk. 
In October 2023, an X user complained that the Charlottesville's  Robert E. Lee statue, which was the focus of the white supremacist Unite the Right rally, was melted down by foundry workers. The user, who claimed to be a relative of the general, lamented, saying that "my kind is hated" and "many seek our extinction." Elon agreed with the user: "They absolutely want your extinction."
On November 15, 2023, Musk posted a response agreeing with an antisemitic tweet accusing Jews of promoting "hatred against whites," writing "You have said the actual truth." Following this, Musk said it was "super messed-up" that white people are not "allowed to be proud of their race." He was condemned by the White House for his post, described as a "hideous lie". Musk later acknowledged the tweet as a mistake, saying "I handed a loaded gun to those who hate me and to those who are antisemitic and for that I am quite sorry."  Musk described his tweet as "one of the most foolish, if not the most foolish, thing I've done".
Musk wrote that he doesn't believe that "all Jewish communities" promote dialectical hatred towards white people but said the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) "unjustly attacks the majority of the West, despite the majority of the West supporting the Jewish people and Israel. This is because they cannot, by their own tenets, criticize the minority groups who are their primary threat. I am deeply offended by ADL's messaging and any other groups who push de facto anti-white racism or anti-Asian racism or racism of any kind." He also tweeted that his criticism of Jews applies to more groups than just the ADL, "You right that this does not extend to all Jewish communities, but it is also not just limited to ADL". At the DealBook Summit on November 29, 2023, journalist Andrew Ross Sorkin questioned Musk about the withdrawal of advertisers from X following his recent posts. Musk said in response, "I hope they stop. Don't advertise" and "If somebody is going to try to blackmail me with advertising, blackmail me with money, go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself. Is that clear? I hope it is."  


=== US presidents and presidential candidates ===
Before the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States." Following Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to participate in two councils advising the president. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better." He resigned from both business advisory councils in June 2017 after only a few months, in protest of Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change, stating: "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world". In January 2017, Musk criticized Trump's travel ban, saying "The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country's challenges". In May 2020, amidst Musk's restarting of Tesla assembly plant production during the COVID-19 pandemic, Trump tweeted in support of Musk, which Musk welcomed and publicly thanked him for on Twitter.
Musk said he voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and voted for Joe Biden in the 2020 U.S. presidential election. In July 2022, Donald Trump alleged that Musk had told him he voted for him in 2016, referred to Musk as a "bullshit artist", and called Musk's contract with Twitter "rotten". Musk denied telling Trump that he had voted for him, said it is "time for Trump to hang up his hat & sail into the sunset" and said that Trump would be "too old to be chief executive of anything, let alone the United States of America." Afterwards, Trump said on Truth Social that "When Elon Musk came to the White House asking me for help on all of his many subsidized projects, whether it's electric cars that don't drive long enough, driverless cars that crash, or rocketships to nowhere, without which subsidies he'd be worthless, and telling me how he was a big Trump fan and Republican, I could have said, 'drop to your knees and beg,' and he would have done it". Trump also said on Truth Social that "Now Elon should focus on getting himself out of the Twitter mess because he could owe $44 billion for something that's perhaps worthless. Also, lots of competition for electric cars!". Afterwards, Musk tweeted "Lmaooo" in response to another Twitter user who posted a screenshot of Trump's comments and responded with a GIF of Grampa Simpson yelling at clouds. According to Walter Isaacson's biography of Musk that was released in 2023, he apparently did not vote in the 2020 presidential election since he believed that it was a waste of time to vote due to California being an uncontested state.
In August 2019, Musk tweeted in support of the 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang, whose platform revolved around job displacement caused by automation and artificial intelligence. Musk tweeted that universal basic income, which Yang supports, is "obviously needed". Musk went on to voice support for Kanye West's independent run for president in July 2020.
In September 2021, following the launch of Inspiration4, Musk mocked President Joe Biden when asked why Biden had not yet congratulated the SpaceX mission and its civilian crew.
In May 2022, Musk said that he could "no longer support" the Democrats, saying that "they have become the party of division & hate" and would be voting Republican due to Biden's support for unions and his inability to "get a lot done". In June 2022, Musk voted for Mayra Flores in a special election, stating it was the first time he ever voted Republican. In November 2022, Musk tweeted that he would support Ron DeSantis in the 2024 United States presidential election if he chose to run.
On 13 July 2024, shortly after the attempted assassination of Donald Trump, he stated: "I fully endorse President Trump and hope for his rapid recovery." It is reported that he also pledged the commitment of about $45 million a month to a pro-Trump super PAC. On 15 September 2024, following another attempted assassination of Trump, Musk wrote: "And no one is even trying to assassinate Biden/Kamala". After receiving backlash, Musk deleted the post, stating: "One lesson I've learned is that just because I say something to a group and they laugh doesn't mean it's going to be all that hilarious as a post on X."
In October 2024, at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, Musk declared the presidential election crucial for preserving democracy, stating that Donald Trump was the only candidate capable of achieving this. Wearing a black "Make America Great Again" cap, he warned that if Trump lost, it might be the last election. This marked Musk's first appearance at a Trump event. Musk positioned Trump as a champion of free speech, accusing Democrats of threatening various rights, including the right to vote. Trump has enjoyed Elon Musk's support, noting that "He's a little different, but he is one smart cookie. Sends the rocket ships up."


=== Women ===
Musk has circulated content on Twitter with the comment "Interesting observation" to rhetoric declaring that "women and low T men" are not able to think freely because they "can't defend themselves physically [...] The only people who can think freely are "high T alpha males and aneurotypical people [...] this is why a Republic of high status males is best for decision making. Democratic, but a democracy only for those who are free to think." 


==== Women In technology ====
In October 2021, Musk joked on Twitter that he would start a new university named Texas Institute of Technology and Science, which corresponds to the acronym TITS. Musk added, "it will have epic merch, universally admired". Cher Scarlett, a software engineer and one of the leaders of the #AppleToo anti-harassment group at Apple, accused Musk of contributing to a systemic problem where women in technology companies are being sexualized by male colleagues, originating from executives at the top influencing the company culture downwards. Jessica Barraza, a Tesla production associate who filed a lawsuit for sexual harassment incidents that were corroborated by The Washington Post, said that Tesla's male-majority workplace culture—described in the lawsuit as resembling an archaic construction site or frat house, with frequent groping on the factory floor—is bred at the top of the company; she cited Musk's "tits" tweet as setting an example for workers at the Tesla factory that is unfair to women who work there.


=== Transgender issues ===
Musk's views on transgender issues have provoked controversy. Musk had expressed support for the LGBT community in past interviews, and stated in 2020 that Tesla had achieved an LGBTQ equality score of 100/100 in the Corporate Equality Index for seven straight years.
In July 2020, Musk made headlines when he tweeted "Pronouns suck." The tweet was interpreted by The Independent as a slight to preferred gender pronouns, and was criticized by many, including LGBT advocacy group Human Rights Campaign and Musk's then partner Grimes. In a later tweet, Musk stated that "I absolutely support trans, but all these pronouns are an esthetic nightmare." In December 2022, Musk again mocked preferred gender pronouns in a tweet that read "My Pronouns are Prosecute/Fauci." Charlie Warzel of The Atlantic opined that this tweet revealed Musk as a far-right activist.
Musk's daughter, Vivian Jenna Wilson, transitioned and changed her name by June 2022, no longer wishing to be associated with her father. Walter Isaacson's biography of Musk, published in September 2023, claims that his right-wing political leanings were "partially triggered" by his daughter's transition.
Following Musk's takeover of Twitter – now X – in October 2022, the platform has seen an increase in hate speech toward the LGBT community, for which he has received criticism. In April 2023, Twitter quietly removed a policy prohibiting targeted deadnaming and misgendering of transgender users. In June 2023, Musk deemed the word cisgender a slur, stating that it violated Twitter's conduct policy. In January 2024, he further declared that cisgender is a "heterophobic" word, despite the fact that it does not refer to heterosexual people.
In June 2023, What Is a Woman?, a controversial documentary about transgender issues that was initially flagged by Twitter as hate speech, went viral after Musk personally promoted it and pinned it to his profile. Twitter's head of Trust and Safety resigned following the incident. Musk has expressed opposition to gender-affirming care for minors and has stated he will be "actively lobbying to criminalize" such care.
In 2024 Musk said that he would be moving the headquarters of SpaceX and Twitter from California to Texas due to a law which establishes conditions under which a school would be allowed to not inform a child's parents of that child's desire to be known by other pronouns.


=== Immigration ===
In the past, Musk has regularly criticized American and European immigration policies. Musk has faced accusations of being "anti-immigration" or distributing false information on immigration, despite being an immigrant himself, and consistently and publicly voicing support for immigration reform and increased and expedited legal immigration.


==== U.S. immigration policies ====
Especially since the inauguration of the Biden administration in 2021, Musk has expressed various disapprovals of its immigration policies, regularly criticizing illegal immigration and the crimes allegedly committed by them. He also blamed the increase in illegal immigration on the alleged goal of "importing voters," which many media outlets deemed false since foreign nationals cannot vote in national U.S. elections. Musk clarified his view that votes are coming from counting illegal immigrants during census, which shifts the proportion of seats in the House of Representatives toward states with large number of illegals, with such states predominantly voting for Democrats. 
In September 2023, he also livestreamed a visit to the Texas border with Mexico during a large increase in migrant arrivals. Musk called for improving the immigration system to allow more "hard-working and honest" migrants, while also stopping illegal migrants who are breaking the law.
In a X post in March 2024, Musk tried to clarify his views on immigration, stating he is not "anti-immigrant" and actually in favor of increasing legal immigration "for anyone who is talented, hard-working and honest".


==== Europe ====
In September 2023, Musk retweeted a video that showed a non-governmental organization working to assist migrants in the Mediterranean with the caption, "there are currently 8 German NGO ships in the Mediterranean Sea collecting illegal immigrants to be unloaded in Italy. These NGOs are subsidized by the German government. Let's hope AfD wins the elections to stop this European suicide." Musk's retweet bore the caption "Is the German public aware of this?" to which the German Foreign Ministry responded "Yes. And it's called saving lives." Musk responded to the Foreign Ministry "So you're actually proud of it." his tweet continued "Interesting. Frankly, I doubt that a majority of the German public supports this. Have you run a poll? Surely it is a violation of the sovereignty of Italy for Germany to transport vast numbers of illegal immigrants to Italian soil? Has invasion vibes." German politicians including Jan Philip Albrecht claimed Musk was endorsing the AfD but Musk denied any support for the AfD.


=== Labor rights ===
 
Musk has been critical of trade unions.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump stated that he supported Musk's policies of union-busting during an interview with Musk. The United Auto Workers later filed federal labor charges against Trump and Musk.


=== Voting Rights ===
Musk supports Voter ID laws.


== Science and technology ==


=== Artificial intelligence ===

Musk has frequently spoken about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, calling it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During a 2014 interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described artificial intelligence as humanity's largest existential threat, further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of AI as "summoning the demon".
Despite this, Musk was formerly co-chairman of OpenAI and invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the nonprofit Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies, and is an advisor to the organisation. Musk has said that his investments are "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence. I think there is potentially a dangerous outcome there. There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator. There are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."
Musk later criticised OpenAI for becoming closed-sourced and for-profit, and accusing its chatbot ChatGPT of political bias. In March 2023, he signed an open letter calling for a pause on large-scale AI experiments, citing profound risks for society.
Musk's opinions about AI have provoked controversy and have been criticized by experts such as Yann LeCun, who claimed Musk's panic was influenced by reading Nick Bostrom's book Superintelligence, and by Musk's attraction to the idea that he will save humanity. Facebook's head of AI Jerome Pesenti said that Musk "has no idea what he's talking about when he talks about AI." He noted that Musk's comments about a future machine takeover distracts people from real, immediate AI concerns, such as AI algorithms exacerbating inequality. Consequently, according to CNBC, Musk is "not always looked upon favorably" by the AI research community. Mark Zuckerberg has clashed with Musk on the issue and called his AI warnings "pretty irresponsible".
In 2016, when asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, perhaps controlled by a vast AI, Musk stated that "the odds that we're in 'base reality' is one in billions." Harvard physicist Lisa Randall disputes this and has argued the probability of our living in a simulation is "effectively zero".
The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a Washington, D.C. think-tank, awarded its Annual Luddite Award to "alarmists touting an artificial intelligence apocalypse"; its president, Robert D. Atkinson, complained that Musk and others say AI is the largest existential threat to humanity. Atkinson stated "That's not a very winning message if you want to get AI funding out of Congress to the National Science Foundation." Nature, referring to the award, said that "concerns over AI are not simply fear-mongering" and concluded: "It is crucial that progress in technology is matched by solid, well-funded research to anticipate the scenarios it could bring about ... If that is a Luddite perspective, then so be it."


=== Public transport ===
 
At a Tesla event on the sidelines of the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems in December 2017, Musk stated that:

I think public transport is painful. It sucks. Why do you want to get on something with a lot of other people, that doesn't leave where [sic] you want it to leave, doesn't start where you want it to start, doesn't end where you want it to end? And it doesn't go all the time. [...] It's a pain in the ass. That's why everyone doesn't like it. And there's like a bunch of random strangers, one of who might be a serial killer, OK, great. And so that's why people like individualized transport, that goes where you want, when you want.
Afterwards, he dismissed an audience member's response that public transportation functioned effectively in Japan. His comments sparked widespread criticism from both members of the public and transit experts. Urban planning expert Brent Toderian started the hashtag #GreatThingsThatHappenedonTransit which was widely adopted by Twitter users in order to dispel Musk's notion that everybody hated public transport. Yonah Freemark, an urbanist and journalist specializing in planning and transportation, summarized Musk's views on public transport as "It's terrible. You might be killed. Japanese trains are awful. Individualized transport for everyone! Congestion? Induced demand? Climate change impacts? Unwalkable streets? Who cares!"
Jarrett Walker, a public transport expert, said that "Musk's hatred of sharing space with strangers is a luxury (or pathology) that only the rich can afford", referring to the theory that planning a city around the preferences of a minority yields an outcome that usually does not work for the majority. Musk responded with "You're an idiot", later saying "Sorry ... Meant to say 'sanctimonious idiot'." The exchange received a significant amount of media attention and prompted Nobel laureate Paul Krugman to comment on the controversy, saying that "You're an idiot" is "Elon Musk's idea of a cogent argument".


=== COVID-19 pandemic ===
Musk has received criticism over his views on and actions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. In early 2020, Musk referred to COVID-19 as a "specific form of the common cold", stated that "the coronavirus panic is dumb", and that the "danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. If we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses". Musk has additionally been criticized for tweeting contentious claims on the disease, including that "Kids are essentially immune, but elderly with existing conditions are vulnerable", which he accompanied with a graphic showing that no children had died in Italy by March 15 and for saying "Based on current trends, probably close to zero new cases in US too by end of April." In addition, he promoted articles which suggested that healthcare companies were inflating COVID-19 case numbers for financial reasons, promoted a paper on the benefits of chloroquine that was subsequently widely discredited and pulled down by Google, and retweeted a video which called for an immediate end to social distancing measures, adding "[d]ocs make good points".
When the Alameda County Sheriff ordered all non-essential businesses to shut down, Musk and Tesla initially refused to comply, arguing that vehicle manufacturing and energy infrastructure are critical sectors, citing the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Musk called the lockdown "fascist" on a Tesla earnings call, stating:

So, the extension of the shelter-in-place, and frankly I would call it forcibly imprisoning people in their homes against all their constitutional rights — my opinion — and erasing people's freedoms in ways that are horrible and wrong, and not why people came to America or built this country.
Musk later sent out numerous tweets opposing mandatory lockdowns such as "FREE AMERICA NOW." On May 11, Musk reopened Tesla's Fremont production line in defiance and violation of Alameda County's orders and tweeted that "Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me." Musk also announced that Tesla would be moving its headquarters to Texas or Nevada and that Tesla had filed a lawsuit against Alameda County challenging its "shutdown" of the Fremont factory; the suit was subsequently withdrawn. The Alameda County Public Health Department explained it was waiting on a plan that Tesla had promised to provide by May 11 that would walk through how it would protect workers' health during the COVID-19 pandemic. An opening date of Monday, May 18 had been penciled in for Tesla, pending approval — the same date that Fiat Chrysler, Ford Motor Company, and General Motors were also due to restart production.
In March 2020, in response to a request to repurpose the Tesla factory to make urgently needed ventilators, Musk promised that Tesla would make ventilators "if there is a shortage". When Nate Silver responded that there was a current shortage, Musk replied, "Ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly. Which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?" After figures such as New York City mayor Bill de Blasio highlighted their hospitals' ventilator shortage and responded to Musk's offer, Musk said he thought the ventilators which Tesla was working on would probably be unneeded. A week later, Musk tweeted, "We will give away all our ventilators, whether we buy them or build them." He received widespread requests from dignitaries around the world, including the Ukrainian Health minister, Bolivia's Ambassador for Science and Technology to Silicon Valley, and Nigeria's Ministry of Finance. When asked about what they received from Musk, California hospital representatives noted that they received CPAP machines made by ResMed instead and not "full ventilators," though they expressed gratitude nonetheless.
On November 16, 2020, the phrase "Space Karen" began to trend on Twitter after a scientist referred to Musk as such, over comments Musk made questioning the effectiveness of COVID-19 testing and suggested Musk "didn't read up on the test" before complaining. Musk was also accused by virologist Angela Rasmussen of spreading misinformation about the virus. On November 14, he wrote on Twitter that he had "most likely" contracted COVID-19, referring to the virus as "a type of cold". In December 2020, Politico named Musk's prediction that there would be "close to zero new cases" of COVID-19 by April one of "the most audacious, confident and spectacularly incorrect prognostications about the year".
In December 2022, Musk tweeted "My pronouns are Prosecute/Fauci", which drew responses from US lawmakers. In February 2023, he praised anti-vaxx comments made by Woody Harrelson during Saturday Night Live.


=== Patents ===
Musk has been consistently critical of patents, which according to him "serve merely to stifle progress, entrench the positions of giant corporations and enrich those in the legal profession, rather than the actual inventors." Under Musk's leadership, Tesla, Inc. has opened its patents to being used by competitors under certain conditions.


=== Space ===
Musk has long been an advocate for space colonization, especially the colonization of Mars. As early as 2001, Elon became involved with the nonprofit Mars Society and has repeatedly pushed for humanity colonizing Mars because that would make humanity an interplanetary species which would lower the risks of human extinction. In 2002 he left the Mars Society and began focusing on his own initiatives.
He envisioned establishing a direct democracy on Mars, with a system in which more votes would be required to create laws than remove them. Musk has also voiced concerns about human population decline, saying that "Mars has zero human population. We need a lot of people to become a multiplanet civilization." 


== Finance ==


=== Short-selling ===
Musk, a longtime opponent of short-selling, has repeatedly criticized the practice and argued it should be illegal. He has engaged with short-selling critics via social media and used Tesla merchandise as a means of mocking those who short the Tesla stock. In lighter moments, Musk has openly joked with well-known short-seller David Einhorn using puns on "short" and arranged to sell commemorative short shorts on Tesla's website for $69.42.


=== Subsidies ===
On the topic of subsidizing renewable energy, Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of climate change and discourage poor behavior. Musk says that the free market would achieve the best solution, and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences. Musk has advocated against funding for charging stations in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, maintaining that oil and gas subsidies should also be eliminated.
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders accused Musk of hypocrisy for receiving "billions in corporate welfare" before opposing a $2 trillion stimulus package that included provisions for specific companies and interest groups.


== Conspiracy theories ==
In November 2022, Musk shared a tweet with an article from a right-wing fake news website which promoted a conspiracy theory that the attack on Paul Pelosi was the result of a drunken Pelosi fighting with a male prostitute.
In the wake of a mass shooting at an outlet mall in Allen, Texas on May 6, 2023, Musk baselessly tried to cast doubt on evidence collected by journalists regarding the shooter's political beliefs. Law enforcement officers said in a press conference that the shooter, Mauricio Garcia, had "neo-Nazi ideation", and large Nazi tattoos on his body, including a swastika and the SS lightning bolt logo. Musk doubled down on his denial of the evidence that the shooter was a white supremacist in a CNBC interview on May 16.
In early June 2023, Musk boosted a tweet promoting an antisemitic blood libel conspiracy theory about adrenochrome, frequently invoked as part of QAnon, by replying to it with a coy remark about an image of Mel Gibson in the tweet.
In July 2023, Musk commented on Bronny James' cardiac arrest, tweeting "we cannot ascribe everything to the vaccine, but, by the same token, we cannot ascribe nothing."
In November 2023, Musk endorsed a tweet referencing an antisemitic conspiracy theory that "hordes of minorities" are infiltrating Western countries and that Jews are "pushing hatred" against white people. The White House condemned Musk's endorsement of the tweet as "unacceptable".
In late November 2023, Musk tweeted a meme promoting the widely discredited far-right Pizzagate conspiracy theory, which alleged that the Clintons and Democratic Party leaders ran a secret satanic child sex ring in a D.C. pizzeria known as Comet Ping Pong. After a few hours, Musk deleted the tweet.
In August 2024, Musk shared a fake headline purportedly from The Daily Telegraph that promoted a conspiracy theory about "detainment camps" being built on the Falkland Islands for far-right rioters arrested during the 2024 United Kingdom riots. The fake headline was posted by Britain First leader Ashlea Simon. Musk later deleted the tweet. Musk has promoted "two-tier policing", a far-right conspiracy theory that claims white far-right rioters are being treated more harshly by British police than minority groups.


== Other ==


=== Destiny and religion ===
In 2008, when asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know it's [a] complex phenomenon from simple elements.
In 2013, when asked whether he thought science and religion could co-exist, Musk replied "Probably not."
In 2017, Musk spoke out in opposition to a plan to create a religion around a 'Godhead' artificial intelligence.
Regarding SpaceX's Dragon capsule successfully splash landing into the Gulf of Mexico in 2020, Musk said that "You know, I'm not very religious but I prayed for this one".
In an interview with Christian conservative satirical website The Babylon Bee in December 2021, Musk said that "I agree with the principles that Jesus advocated. There's some great wisdom in the teachings of Jesus, and I agree with those teachings."
In 2023, Musk said that he considered himself "aspirationally Jewish," and noted the influence that his attending a Hebrew preschool had on him.
In 2024, Musk tweeted about Christianity, stating, "I believe in the principles of Christianity like love thy neighbor as thyself (have empathy for all) and turn the other cheek (end the cycle of retribution)". In July 2024, he engaged in a viral two-hour conversation with Jordan Peterson that explored various topics, including the role of Christianity in his life. During the interview, he described himself as a "cultural Christian".


=== Wikipedia ===
In 2019, Musk described the Wikipedia entry about him as "insane" and complained that it was a "war zone with a zillion edits." In 2020, he encouraged his Twitter followers to "trash" the page, which led to the article being locked.
In April 2022, Musk tweeted: "They say history is written by the victors, but not on Wikipedia if the losing party is still alive & has lots of time on their hands!", likely referring to Tesla co-founder Martin Eberhard, who at the time was listed on Wikipedia as one of Tesla's two co-founders.
In December 2022, Musk responded to the December 2022 Twitter suspensions Wikipedia entry—once named "Thursday Night Massacre"—by saying, "A two day suspension of maybe 7 accounts for doxxing got an actual Wikipedia page!? Wikipedia is controlled by the MSM [mainstream media] journalists. Can't trust that site anymore." In response, the Wikimedia Foundation changed a message appealing for donations to "Wikipedia is not for sale … Being a non-profit means there is no danger that someone will buy Wikipedia and turn it into their personal playground", likely referring to Musk's acquisition of Twitter.  In October 2023, Musk criticized Wikipedia as "inherently hierarchical and therefore subject to the biases of higher ranking editors."  In response to the funding appeal from Jimmy Wales advertising that "Wikipedia is not for Sale", Musk offered $1 billion in funding if Wikipedia changed its name to "Dickipedia". In October 2024, Musk stated the website "is controlled by far-left activists" and discouraged donations to it.


=== TikTok ===
Musk told BBC News in an April 2023 interview that he was against banning TikTok in the United States, although he argued that a ban would increase Twitter's active users.


=== Streaming services ===
In February 2022, Musk tweeted a "Pirate Bay-themed" meme post suggesting that "Entertainment is becoming a username/password/2FA nightmare." TorrentFreak has speculated that he may have been disillusioned with the fact that with the abundance of streaming services, subscribers are already constrained with jumping from one streaming service to another, increasing their prospects of consuming illegal downloads as an alternative. While the torrent-oriented blog site has also suggested that this "cryptic criticism" would likely gain support from pirates, it added that Musk "could just be annoyed by the fact that he has to remember multiple usernames and passwords. Or he's just trolling."


=== Natalism ===
Musk holds strong pronatalist views; The Guardian has characterized Musk as "The world’s most famous pronatalist." Speaking at The Wall Street Journal's CEO Council session in 2021, Musk stated that a declining birth rate, and consequent population decline, is one of the biggest risks to human civilization. In 2022 Musk argued that "population collapse due to low birth rates is a much bigger risk to civilization than global warming." however his views on population collapse were challenged by demographers.
Musk has asserted that declining birth rates pose an existential threat to humanity and has donated ten million dollars to the University of Texas at Austin to further research on the potential risks. Musk has also argued that "smart" people in particular aren't having children, a view which has been critiscized as too close to eugenics. Musk has called Kamala Harris an "extinctionist" due to comments about young people being anxious about having kids due to climate change and that "The natural extension of her philosophy would be a de facto holocaust for all of humanity!"


== References ==The business magnate Elon Musk initiated an acquisition of American social media company Twitter, Inc. on April 14, 2022, and concluded it on October 27, 2022. Musk had begun buying shares of the company in January 2022, becoming its largest shareholder by April with a 9.1 percent ownership stake. Twitter invited Musk to join its board of directors, an offer he initially accepted before declining. On April 14, Musk made an unsolicited offer to purchase the company, to which Twitter's board responded with a "poison pill" strategy to resist a hostile takeover before unanimously accepting Musk's buyout offer of $44 billion on April 25. Musk stated that he planned to introduce new features to the platform, make its algorithms open-source, combat spambot accounts, and promote free speech, framing the acquisition as the cornerstone of X, an "everything app".
In July, Musk announced his intention to terminate the agreement, asserting that Twitter had breached their agreement by refusing to crack down on spambot accounts. The company filed a lawsuit against Musk in the Delaware Court of Chancery shortly thereafter, with a trial scheduled for the week of October 17. Weeks before the trial was set to begin, Musk reversed course, announcing that he would move forward with the acquisition. The deal was closed on October 28, with Musk immediately becoming Twitter's new owner and CEO. Twitter was taken private and merged into a new parent company named X Corp. Musk promptly fired several top executives, including previous CEO Parag Agrawal. Musk has since proposed several reforms to Twitter and laid off half of the company's workforce. Hundreds of employees then resigned from the company after Musk issued an ultimatum demanding they commit to "extremely hardcore" work. Linda Yaccarino was appointed CEO of X Corp. In July 2023, the Twitter service was rebranded as X.
Reactions to the buyout were mixed, with praise for Musk's planned reforms and vision for the company, particularly his calls for greater free speech, but criticism over fears of a potential rise in misinformation and disinformation, harassment, and hate speech on the platform. Within the United States, conservatives have largely supported the acquisition, while many liberals and former Twitter employees have voiced concerns about Musk's intentions. Since becoming owner, Musk has faced backlash for his handling of the company and account suspensions, including the December 2022 suspensions of ten journalists.


== Prelude ==


=== Background ===

Business magnate Elon Musk published his first tweet on his personal Twitter account in June 2010, and had more than 80 million followers by April 2022. In 2017, in response to a tweet suggesting that he buy Twitter, Inc., Musk replied, "How much is it?" On March 24, 2022, Musk began tweeting criticisms of Twitter, polling his followers on whether the company adhered to the principle that "free speech is essential to a functioning democracy". Days later, he discussed the future of social media with Twitter co-founder and former CEO Jack Dorsey and explored the possibility of joining Twitter's board of directors with private equity firm Silver Lake co-CEO Egon Durban. He relayed this idea to Twitter board chair Bret Taylor and CEO Parag Agrawal, proposing to either take the company private or start a rival social media platform. Dorsey responded to Musk with a text message, saying he hoped Twitter could become open-sourced and that he had unsuccessfully pushed for Musk's induction into Twitter's board a year earlier, a move that had prompted his departure from his role as CEO.


=== Early developments ===
Musk began purchasing Twitter stock on January 31, 2022. On April 4, he announced that he had acquired 9.2 percent of the company's shares totaling $2.64 billion, making him the company's largest shareholder. Following the announcement, Twitter's stock experienced its largest intraday surge since the company's initial public offering (IPO) in 2013, rising by as much as 27 percent. The next day, Twitter invited Musk to join the company's board, which Musk accepted. This had been recommended to the board by Twitter's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee three days earlier, with some board members expressing concern about potential "adverse impacts on stockholder value". The position would have prohibited Musk from going beyond a 14.9 percent ownership stake and limited his ability to speak publicly about the company. That day, Musk phoned Dorsey, who declined Musk's suggestion for him to remain on the board.
On April 11, after publishing several tweets critical of the company, Musk announced he had decided not to join the board. Instead, he informed Twitter that he intended to make an offer to take the company private. On April 12, Twitter's board met with lawyers and financial advisors to deliberate the ramifications of such a deal as well as their options, while a company shareholder sued Musk for allegedly manipulating the company's stock price and violating Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules.


== Buyout offer ==


=== Takeover bid ===

On April 14, Musk made an unsolicited and non-binding offer to Twitter to purchase the company for $43 billion, or $54.20 per share, and take it private. Though the offer was made to company management, the bid was described as a hostile takeover attempt because of the implied threat to purchase the outstanding stock if management declined. The board responded that it would "carefully review the proposal". 
In a TED interview, Musk said he aimed to make Twitter a "platform for free speech around the globe", hailing free speech as a "societal imperative for a functioning democracy" and insisting that he had not made the offer to increase his wealth. Critics noted that he showed more interest in altering Twitter's moderation policies than in fighting government censorship. According to The Washington Post, the banning of accounts such as The Babylon Bee had prompted Musk to initiate the acquisition. The price of $54.20 per share is believed to be a reference to 420, a slang term in cannabis culture for marijuana consumption.
On April 15, Twitter's board of directors announced a "poison pill" strategy which would allow shareholders to purchase additional stock in the event of a hostile takeover; the plan expired on April 14, 2023. On April 17, Taylor was urged by Twitter's largest institutional shareholders to "seriously consider" the offer. On April 20, Musk disclosed that he had secured financing provided by a group of banks led by Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, Barclays, MUFG, Société Générale, Mizuho Bank, and BNP Paribas, for a potential tender offer to acquire the company. The funding included $7 billion of senior secured bank loans; $6 billion in subordinated debt; $6.25 billion in bank loans to Musk personally, secured by $62.5 billion of his Tesla stock; $20 billion in cash equity from Musk, to be provided by sales of Tesla stock and other assets; and $7.1 billion in equity from 19 independent investors.
The initially proposed $13 billion in money borrowed by Twitter was equivalent to seven times the company's 2022 projected operating cash flow; some banks found that multiple too risky and opted to participate only in the $12.5 billion margin loan to Musk. The debt was estimated to cost Twitter approximately $1 billion in annual interest and fees. Two days after announcing his bid, Musk registered three holding companies under the name "X Holdings" in preparation for his takeover. Tesla shares fell 12 percent on the day after the acquisition was announced, amid smaller declines in the broader markets. Musk incurred a $21 billion paper loss that day.


=== Acquisition announcement ===
On April 23, Musk informed Taylor that his offer was "best and final", urging him to accept in a letter sent the following day. Multiple outlets subsequently reported that Twitter was in final negotiations to accept Musk's offer, with a deal expected to be reached by the next day, though Reuters cautioned that the deal could still fall apart. On April 25, Twitter shares rose by 5 percent following reports that Twitter was poised to accept Musk's offer. Twitter advisors Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase approved of the deal, deeming it fair from a financial perspective. Twitter's board publicly and unanimously accepted the buyout offer for $44 billion, and Twitter was to become a private company once the transaction was completed sometime in 2022. Negotiations with Musk were led by the board's transaction committee, composed of Taylor, Martha Lane Fox, and Patrick Pichette. The deal would require shareholder and regulatory approval before it could be finalized, though analysts believed it was unlikely to be challenged by regulators.
Musk was barred from disparaging the company or its employees when tweeting about the acquisition before the transaction closed. The agreement also stipulated that if Musk failed to close the acquisition, he would be required to pay Twitter a $1 billion breakup fee. Agrawal was set to receive $39 million from the buyout, while Dorsey would receive $978 million. Musk had privately selected a new CEO to replace Agrawal upon completion of the acquisition, though he was expected to serve as interim CEO in the months after its completion. Tesla's stock sank by more than $125 billion the next market day, causing Musk to lose about $30 billion of his net worth. Within three days after Twitter agreed to be acquired, Musk had sold $8.5 billion of his Tesla shares.
After the acceptance was announced, Musk said that his first goal would be to make the algorithm that ranks tweets in the content feed open-sourced, in an effort to increase transparency. He has also stated that he intended to remove spambots and "authenticate all real humans", suggesting that he might convert Twitter's San Francisco headquarters into a homeless shelter. Musk said he lacked confidence in Twitter's corporate management, telling banks that he had considered reducing executive and board pay. He published tweets critical of decisions made by Twitter executives such as Vijaya Gadde, who was subsequently harassed by Twitter users using racist and sexist language. On April 28, Twitter told advertising agencies that their work would not be seen next to offensive material. Musk also discussed with bankers with the ideas of cutting jobs and costs, encouraging influencers to be creative, and adding subscription services to Twitter.
On May 4, the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom summoned Musk to discuss the effect of his buyout on free speech and "online harms". Musk secured another $7.1 billion in funding the next day, including from Oracle Corporation co-founder Larry Ellison, Saudi prince Al Waleed bin Talal Al Saud, venture capital firms Andreessen Horowitz and Sequoia Capital, as well as sovereign wealth fund Qatar Holding. The equity infusion reduced his original $12.5 billion personal bank loan to $6.25 billion and his required cash equity contribution from $21 billion to just under $20 billion. On May 11, The Wall Street Journal reported that the SEC and Federal Trade Commission (FTC) had launched investigations into events leading to the acquisition. The next day, Agrawal fired Twitter general manager Kayvon Beykpour and revenue product lead Bruce Falck.


== Attempted termination ==


=== Alleged hold ===
On May 13, Musk revealed that he had placed the deal "on hold" in the wake of reports that 5 percent of Twitter's daily active users were spam accounts, causing Twitter shares to drop more than 10 percent. Musk clarified that he remained committed to the acquisition, and Agrawal stated he expected the deal to close. In response to a May 16 Twitter thread in which Agrawal said an external review into the platform's users was impractical, Musk tweeted out a poop emoji. The following day, Musk reiterated that the acquisition could not "move forward" until Twitter could prove the aforementioned reports false, urging the SEC to investigate Twitter's daily user numbers. The same day, Twitter filed new documents with the SEC, including a detailed timeline of Musk's purchase, and affirmed they would "enforce the merger agreement" regardless of Musk's actions. On May 25, Musk abandoned plans to partially fund the deal through margin loans against Tesla stock, instead opting to pledge an additional $6.25 billion in equity financing. Dorsey departed Twitter's board the same day, while Twitter investor William Heresniak filed a class-action lawsuit against Musk, alleging that he had violated corporate laws in California by manipulating the market. The lawsuit further declared that Musk was not permitted by the acquisition contract to place the deal on hold, and that Musk's misleading statements had contributed to declining Twitter stock prices.

On June 3, the acquisition was cleared by U.S. antitrust review. In an email sent by Musk's attorney to Twitter three days later, Musk threatened to terminate his agreement with Twitter because the company had refused to give him data pertaining to its users. Twitter responded that they would continue to cooperate with Musk to ensure that the transaction was closed in accordance with their agreement. On June 8, Twitter's board complied with Musk's demands, agreeing to provide him with a "firehose" data stream of tweets. A week later, the SEC asked Agrawal to provide information on how Twitter estimated its number of spam accounts, to which the company obliged; the SEC concluded its inquiry on July 27. Musk attended an all-hands meeting on June 16 to answer questions from Twitter employees, discussing Twitter's content moderation policy, freedom of speech, potential layoffs, remote work, and "the cosmic nature of Twitter". Musk also expressed his desire for Twitter to reach one billion active users, and pledged his commitment to advertising as a source of revenue for Twitter.
In a complaint filed by Whistleblower Aid with the SEC, U.S. Justice Department, and FTC on July 6, former Twitter security officer Peiter Zatko accused several Twitter executives, including Agrawal and certain board members, of making false or misleading statements about privacy, security, and content moderation on the platform in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 and SEC disclosure rules. These included misrepresentations to Musk made during the course of the acquisition bid, with the complaint specifically calling Agrawal's May 16 thread deceptive. In a July 7 conference call, Twitter revealed that over one million spam accounts were removed daily, and reiterated that it was impossible to externally determine the exact number of these accounts as it would involve private user data. That same day, The Washington Post reported that the deal was "in peril" amid a slowdown in discussions on funding.


=== Attempted withdrawal by Musk ===
On July 8, Musk announced his intention to terminate the proposed acquisition, claiming in a regulatory filing that Twitter was in "material breach" of several parts of the agreement by refusing to comply with Musk's requests for spambot account data and dismissing high-ranking employees. In response, Taylor pledged to pursue legal action against Musk at the Delaware Court of Chancery with the goal of completing the acquisition, with the ensuing lawsuit once again overseen by the Twitter board's transaction committee. Twitter's stock sank by 7 percent after the news, dropping by a further 11 percent the next day. On July 10, Twitter hired the law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to represent its case, including "key lawyers" William Savitt and Leo Strine, along with Potter Anderson & Corroon, Ballard Spahr, Kobre & Kim, and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. Musk again employed the services of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan after previously doing so for Unsworth v. Musk and SEC v. Musk, including his personal lawyer Alex Spiro, as well as Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.
Twitter formally launched its lawsuit against Musk at the Delaware Court of Chancery on July 12, with Musk tweeting in response, "Oh the irony lol". Twitter requested that the trial be held from September 19 through September 22, before the deal's originally scheduled "drop dead" date on October 24. Musk's legal team objected to this, asking for the trial to be held from February 13 through February 22, 2023. On July 19, judge Kathaleen McCormick ruled that the trial would last for five days in October, with Twitter seeking an October 10 start date. During its quarterly earnings investor call on July 22, Twitter cited the "chaos" caused by the proposal as the primary factor for its decline in revenue. In a letter to McCormick on July 26, Musk's lawyers complained that Twitter had hindered them from commencing the discovery process and requested an October 17 start date, which McCormick granted three days later with a duration of five days.
In a tweet on August 6, Musk challenged Agrawal to a public debate on Twitter's spambot accounts, before polling his followers on whether they believed that less than 5 percent of Twitter accounts were "fake/spam". On August 10, Musk sold 7.92 million Tesla shares worth a total of $6.9 billion as backup should he lose the lawsuit, despite previously stating he would no longer sell Tesla stock. The next week, McCormick ordered Twitter to produce documents from Beykpour, which Musk's team had requested along with files from 22 other Twitter employees and 41 "custodians". Shortly thereafter, Musk subpoenaed Dorsey. Other businessmen and investors subpoenaed include Marc Andreessen, Ellison, David Sacks, and Joe Lonsdale, while Twitter and Musk also subpoenaed Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Andreessen Horowitz, Sequoia Capital, Salesforce, Mastercard, and more. Sacks and Lonsdale were both irritated that they were being subpoenaed, with the former filing a failed motion to dismiss the subpoena. In total, lawyers for Twitter issued over 84 subpoenas, while Musk's lawyers issued more than 36.
Facing increasing pressure from Musk, Twitter announced that it would combine its health team, tasked with preventing non-consensual nudity and child sexual exploitation on the platform, with its anti-spam team. McCormick rejected much of Musk's team's "absurdly broad" request for data pertaining to all of Twitter's users, but ordered the company to produce data from 9,000 accounts it previously audit sampled. Musk filed a "termination letter" with the SEC on August 29, citing Zatko's claims as evidence Twitter breached their contract, before asking McCormick to delay the trial by a few weeks. McCormick rejected the request, and Musk's team sent a third termination letter to Twitter. On September 13, Zatko testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee, while Twitter shareholders voted in favor of the acquisition. Musk privately offered to purchase Twitter at the reduced prices of $31 billion and $39.6 billion, both of which the company rejected.


== Revival and closing ==


=== Revitalization of bid ===
On October 3, Musk's legal team informed Twitter that Musk had changed his mind and decided to move forward with his proposed acquisition at the originally agreed-upon price of $54.20 per share, on the condition that Twitter drop its lawsuit. The reason for this reversal was attributed to concerns from Musk's team that they would not be able to prove that there was a material adverse effect justifying a break from contract. Musk and Agrawal's depositions were originally scheduled for October 6 and 10, respectively. Musk stated that his purchase of Twitter was part of his ambition to create an "everything app" called X, which would offer many different services. In response, McCormick asked both sides to propose to her how they should proceed. Twitter shares surged by 23 percent as a result of Musk's announcement. Neither Twitter nor Musk responded to McCormick's request, prompting her to announce that the trial would go forward as planned.
On October 6, McCormick agreed to a request by Musk to postpone the trial to October 28 so Musk could finalize his debt financing for the acquisition, adding that the trial would be rescheduled to November if the deal did not close by then. During this time, Musk deposited a $1 billion loan from his company SpaceX, paying back the loan with interest the following month. On October 13, court filings revealed that Musk was being investigated by the U.S. government for his conduct in the proposed buyout. Musk later stated that he believed Twitter's long-term value would exceed the price of $54.20 per share, which he considered an overpayment. On October 20, The Washington Post reported that Musk intended to terminate 75 percent of Twitter's staff, and that Twitter executives were keen on selling the company to Musk so they could mitigate their planned payroll and infrastructure cuts. In an open letter, Twitter employees condemned Musk's intentions and warned of negative consequences on the future of Twitter. Bloomberg News and the Post further reported that officials in the Biden administration were considering a national security review of Musk's proposed acquisition and other ventures via the Committee on Foreign Investment (CFIUS), with the possibility of U.S. President Joe Biden blocking the purchase if need be; the White House denied the reports.
By October 21, both parties' bankers and lawyers were set to complete the paperwork for the acquisition by the end of the month, with the deal expected to close by then. The banks funding the acquisition were to hold the $13 billion worth of debt incurred as opposed to selling it. In a video call with banks who helped Musk fund the acquisition, Musk assured them he would complete the buyout by the deadline. Musk made a trip to Twitter's headquarters on October 26, tweeting a video of him jokingly carrying a kitchen sink at the site's lobby and changing his Twitter bio to "Chief Twit". Musk also told Twitter employees that while layoffs were still likely to happen, he did not intend to do so at the scale the Post had previously reported. The next day, Musk wrote in an open letter to advertisers that Twitter would not become a "free-for-all hellscape", reiterating that his motives for the purchase were not based on greed but rather a desire to create "a common digital town square". He then asked Tesla engineers to meet with Twitter's product managers in order to assess the platform's codebase, which was frozen until November 1.


=== Completion of purchase ===
In the afternoon of October 27, Musk and Twitter closed the deal, with Musk tweeting "the bird is freed". Musk immediately became Twitter's new owner, summarily firing Agrawal, chief financial officer (CFO) Ned Segal, Gadde, and general counsel Sean Edgett, with the executives escorted out of the company's headquarters by security. This move came to the surprise of many involved, who had expected Musk to allow the executives to voluntarily resign; Agrawal had prepared a draft of his resignation letter before his access to his Twitter email account was cut off. According to Walter Isaacson's biography Elon Musk (2023), Musk "meticulously" changed his plans so "he could terminate their employment before their stock options would vest", seeking retribution for Agrawal's handling of the spambot incident.
Agrawal, Segal, and Gadde were set to receive "golden parachute" sums of $38.7 million, $25.4 million, and $12.5 million, respectively, but The New York Times reported that Musk was unlikely to make the payments because the executives had been dismissed for cause. According to the Financial Times, Musk's justification for this assertion was that the company had been mismanaged, and the executives were "weighing their legal options over the decision". Dorsey retained his $1 billion ownership stake, and several other executives departed Twitter in the ensuing days.
Musk assumed the position of CEO, merging the company with X Holdings and dissolving Twitter's board of directors. With this merger, Twitter ceased to be an independent company, with X Corp. later created in March 2023 to house the company. Musk uses the title "Chief Twit" to refer to his position as CEO. A "war room" was established at Twitter, with Musk meeting with Spiro, Sacks, and others to discuss his next steps. According to The New York Times, the group's two primary objectives were to reduce the size of Twitter's workforce and overhaul the platform's mobile app. Twitter employees were not formally informed of the change in management, with Musk originally said to be planning a town hall meeting with employees but ultimately not doing so. The next day, Twitter shares ceased trading in accordance with Musk's pledge to take the company private; the company's stock ticker was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on November 8.


=== Post-acquisition ===

Since becoming owner, Musk has enacted a series of reforms, including overhauling Twitter's verification system by requiring new applicants to purchase a Twitter Blue subscription. Many Twitter staff members were directed to extend their working hours in order to meet Musk's deadlines for his desired changes to the platform. On November 4, Musk laid off roughly half of Twitter's workforce, and two weeks later, he issued an ultimatum to employees to commit to "extremely hardcore" work in order to realize Musk's vision of "Twitter 2.0", or leave. Hundreds of employees resigned in response.
Meanwhile, Musk began restoring previously banned accounts such as Jordan Peterson, Kathy Griffin, The Babylon Bee, and Donald Trump, while suspending anti-fascist accounts at the urging of far-right figures, as well as accounts that parodied Musk. Musk also relaxed the platform's hate speech policies and removed its policy prohibiting COVID-19 misinformation, resulting in an increase in hate speech. In December, Musk faced backlash after banning ElonJet, a Twitter bot account operated by Jack Sweeney which tracked Musk's private jet in real-time using publicly accessible data. These protests intensified when Musk suspended multiple journalists who had been covering the ElonJet incident. Days later, Musk conducted a Twitter poll asking users whether he should step down as CEO of Twitter, to which voters responded in the affirmative. Musk stated he would step down after selecting his replacement, and he was succeeded by NBCUniversal advertising sales chair Linda Yaccarino in June 2023.
Musk's acquisition of Twitter was principally responsible for the development of Threads, a social media platform which closely resembles Twitter, by rival company Meta Platforms. Work began on the service in November 2022, and it was released on July 5, 2023, amidst continued backlash to changes to Twitter enacted by Musk and Yaccarino. In response, Twitter threatened to sue Meta over intellectual property infringement. Agrawal, Segal, and Gadde filed a lawsuit against Twitter in April 2023, claiming that the company had failed to pay them for the legal fees they had incurred during their tenure. McCormick ruled in the executives' favor in October.
In June, X Corp. sued Wachtell to recoup a portion of the $90 million fee the law firm had paid, accusing the firm of "unjust enrichment" for charging a bonus fee on successful completion of the acquisition when the agreement with prior Twitter management stipulated billing only on an hourly basis. The Twitter app was rebranded as X in July, an unprecedented decision which has created confusion among users. In September, Musk failed to appear before the SEC in response to the agency's investigation into his purchasing of Twitter stock the year prior, prompting a lawsuit. The Wall Street Journal reported in October 2023 that the seven major banks that had provided Musk's acquisition loans failed to follow the standard practice of quickly selling down their exposure to other banks due to a lack of appetite for the debt since Musk took over, instead expected to mark down the debt by at least 15 percent in order to sell it.


== Reactions ==


=== Takeover bid ===
Following Musk's induction to Twitter's board of directors on April 5, Agrawal wrote that he believed Musk's appointment would bring long-term value to the company, while Dorsey wrote that Musk "cares deeply about our world and Twitter's role in it". Dorsey privately relayed his appreciation to Musk for his commitment, texting that he trusted Musk. On April 11, Agrawal stated that he believed Musk's withdrawal from the board was "for the best", noting that the company would "remain open to his input".
Musk's offer to take over Twitter was met with both praise and criticism. On April 14, Twitter employees expressed concern with Musk's views on free speech. Media outlets expressed concerns that his proposed changes to Twitter would result in an increase in disinformation and online harassment. Jim Cramer of CNBC opined that the Twitter board would have "no choice" but to reject Musk's offer due to potential personal liability faced by the board members. On April 19, the National Urban League urged Twitter to turn down Musk's takeover bid, warning of potentially negative consequences on users' civil rights.
Conservative and Republican commentators and politicians in the U.S. who believed Twitter discriminated against right-wing speech expressed enthusiasm for Musk's proposed changes. On April 22, U.S. House Republicans demanded that Twitter's board preserve all records pertaining to Musk's takeover proposal, which sets the stage for a potential congressional probe following the 2022 midterms. Jimmy Patronis, the Chief Financial Officer of Florida, praised Musk's offer and was critical of Twitter's "poison pill" strategy. According to a poll conducted by Harvard University's Center for American Political Studies (CAPS) and the Harris Poll, 57 percent of American voters approved of Musk's purchase of Twitter.


=== Acquisition announcement ===
Agrawal applauded the purchase and assured employees that no layoffs were planned at that time, adding he was proud of Twitter employees "despite the noise" around the company. He also led an all-hands meeting on April 29 to address concerns raised by employees. Dorsey endorsed the sale, saying that "taking [Twitter] back from Wall Street is the correct first step" and that he trusted Musk to be the owner of the company. Former Twitter CEO Dick Costolo denounced Musk's criticism of the company. Gadde allegedly cried during a meeting about the announcement and was subjected to online trolling. Musk's June 17 meeting with employees was generally negatively received by participants, who found Musk's statements "incoherent" and "uninspiring". Musk was repeatedly derided and mocked by Twitter employees on their internal Slack channels after the deal was brokered.
Republican lawmakers in the U.S. Congress such as Jim Jordan, Yvette Herrell, Marsha Blackburn, and Ted Cruz praised the deal, calling it a restoration of free speech. Meanwhile, Democratic lawmakers such as Pramila Jayapal, Jesús García, Marie Newman, Mark Pocan, and Elizabeth Warren criticized Musk and the buyout. In June, Texas attorney general Ken Paxton launched an investigation into whether Twitter had misled authorities on its number of spambot accounts, alluding to prior claims made by Musk. Former U.S. President Donald Trump expressed approval with the deal but stated that he would not rejoin the platform, even if he is unbanned, due to his preference for his own social media platform, Truth Social; Musk later indicated his intention to reverse Twitter's ban on Trump. Mexican President Lopez Obrador stated that he hoped Musk would rid Twitter of "the corruption that's there, manipulation with bots". Federal Communications Commission (FCC) commissioner Brendan Carr responded to calls for the agency to block the purchase by saying that it has no authority to do so, calling such requests "absurd". Thierry Breton, the European Commissioner for Internal Market, emphasized that "any company operating in Europe needs to comply with [their] rules", while the European Union (EU) announced that new online rules would "overhaul" the digital market and Tech Giants.
By April 27, 30,000 new users had joined the decentralized network of servers running open-source Mastodon software. Conservative Twitter accounts experienced a significant increase in followers, while liberal ones experienced a slight decrease; additionally, thousands of left-leaning users deactivated their accounts following the buyout. LGBTQ+ users and activists expressed apprehension about the deal based on tweets by Musk mocking transgender people, fearing that the re-platforming of suspended Twitter accounts would lead to a rise in online harassment and hate speech. On June 3, a group of political advocacy groups which included the Center for Countering Digital Hate, GLAAD, and MediaJustice initiated a campaign to block the proposal by calling for a review of the deal by the government and a boycott of the platform by advertisers.
Henrik Fisker, co-founder of electric vehicle maker Fisker Inc. and a rival of Musk's, left Twitter shortly after the acquisition announcement. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos questioned whether Tesla's business interest in China would give the Chinese government leverage over Twitter via Musk, before answering that it would "probably not". Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates questioned if Musk would allow the spread of public health misinformation, including vaccine misinformation. Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales speculated that Twitter could either thrive or fall within five years under Musk's supervision. Bitcoin investor Roger Ver and Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong welcomed the buyout, citing the potential for reduction of perceived censorship on Twitter. Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai said that he hoped Twitter would improve over time due to its importance to society, while Facebook and Meta founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg expressed confusion and uncertainty over the proposed buyout.


=== Attempted termination ===
Edgett instructed employees not to share commentary on the purported cancellation; nonetheless, several Twitter employees posted humorous messages making light of the situation. Tesla shares rose 2.11 percent in the hours after Musk's announcement. Trump criticized Musk and called the acquisition "rotten", which led to a protracted feud between the two. With the exception of Trump, most conservatives sided with Musk, with former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon attacking Twitter for allegedly lying about the prevalence of its spambot accounts and Turning Point USA CEO Charlie Kirk musing that Musk may have been seeking to "expose" Twitter the whole time. In an email sent to Twitter's employees in response to Zatko's complaint, Agrawal sharply rejected the claims and called them a "false narrative".


=== Completion of purchase ===
Trump responded approvingly of the purchase after the deal was closed, saying that he was pleased Twitter was "in sane hands", rather than what he termed "radical left lunatics". Other Republican politicians, including Dan Crenshaw, Darrell Issa, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Marsha Blackburn, Anthony Sabatini, Amy Kremer, Lauren Boebert, Dick Black, Cruz, and Jordan applauded the purchase as well. Democrat Amy Klobuchar voiced her distrust of Musk and called for tighter government regulation of the platform, while Democrat Chris Murphy advocated for a federal investigation into the role of Saudi Arabia in the purchase. Dmitry Medvedev, deputy chairman of the Security Council of Russia and former President of Russia, was pleased with the news, stating that he hoped Twitter would eliminate "political bias and ideological dictatorship". Breton again emphasized that Twitter was bound by the EU's laws, alluding to the recently passed Digital Services Act.
Internally, Twitter employees expressed concern that Musk would lay off employees before they receive their compensation payments, among other messages criticizing Musk and voicing solidarity with each other. Amid conflicting reports on whether Musk was planning sweeping layoffs, many employees expressed uncertainty and fear on Slack, Discord, and LinkedIn. Women's rights activist Seyi Akiwowo tweeted her disappointment with Gadde's dismissal, while children's rights activist Beeban Kidron said that Musk's newfound power would not result in more free speech. Podcaster Joe Rogan praised Musk for his aspirations, while right-wing Twitter account Libs of TikTok rejoiced over the news of the purchase. Media personality Stew Peters, who had been blocked from Twitter for months, attempted to circumvent the block after the purchase using a new account, which was later suspended. Margarita Simonyan, editor-in-chief of the Russian state-controlled RT broadcasting service, demanded that Musk lift her Twitter suspension. Bin Talal Al Saud congratulated Musk on the purchase, and JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon urged Musk to eradicate spambot accounts. Tesla rival General Motors announced it would temporarily stop paid advertising on Twitter. Advertising agencies IPG Mediabrands and Omnicom Media Group recommended their clients temporarily pause advertising on Twitter due to safety and trust concerns over Musk's ownership. A slew of companies proceeded to do so, including Audi, Bentley, the Carlsberg Group, General Mills, Lamborghini, Mondelez International, Porsche, Pfizer, REI, and the Volkswagen Group. Media buying agency GroupM also advised its clients against procuring advertisements from Twitter. Alt-tech social media platform Parler welcomed Musk's purchase, while alt-tech platform Gettr was more skeptical, believing Twitter was "fundamentally broken". Similarities have been drawn between the acquisition and the 2022 film Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery, with some viewers comparing Musk to the character of Miles Bron, though director Rian Johnson stated that the similarities were purely coincidental.
Online reception to Musk's completion of the purchase was mixed. According to Memetica, a digital investigations company, several far-right figures experienced a significant increase in followers after the deal was finalized, while many progressives experienced a significant decrease, although it is unclear if Musk's takeover drove the changes in followers. Mastodon once again experienced a surge in sign-ups. Multiple celebrities in the entertainment industry announced their departure from the platform, while some left-wing influencers such as John Pavlovitz and Rob Reiner urged fellow leftists to remain on Twitter for the time being. The Network Contagion Research Institute (NCRI) observed a 500 percent spike in the use of the racial slur "nigger" in the 12 hours after Musk completed the acquisition, while The Washington Post noted an increase in pro-Nazi, misogynistic, and anti-LGBTQ+ tweets. Basketball player LeBron James expressed concern over the NCRI's report, condemning "unfit people saying hate speech is free speech". Twitter responded by saying that the accounts using racial slurs were part of a "trolling campaign" and would be banned summarily. The Center for Countering Digital Hate reported that anti-Black, anti-gay, and anti-transgender slurs had increased since Musk took control of Twitter, while the Anti-Defamation League reported an increase in antisemitic content.


== Critical analysis ==


=== Takeover bid and acquisition announcement ===
Anticipating a takeover, Elizabeth Lopatto of The Verge predicted that it would lead to a mass employee exodus and a possible reinstatement of Trump's Twitter account. After the acquisition announcement, Alex Werpin of The Hollywood Reporter warned of widespread repercussions. Greg Bensinger of The New York Times argued that Musk's acquisition was "about controlling a megaphone" rather than free speech, while Elizabeth Dwoskin of The Washington Post remarked that Musk's free speech vision for Twitter was considered by technologists to be outdated and impractical. Don Pittis of CBC News noted the controversy associated with the wealthy gaining control of media platforms. Brendan O'Neill of Spiked observed that Musk's purchase of Twitter and the resulting backlash represented a "battle for control of the Internet", with Business Insider's Ben Gilbert calling the purchase the latest "battleground" in the culture war between Democrats and Republicans. Michael Hiltzik of The Seattle Times commented that Musk's impact on Twitter would depend on his policies and how he chooses to implement them. David Auerbach of UnHerd saw the purchase as indicative of a "major flashpoint" in the transition of society to "a more decentralized, chaotic, and devolved world". Paul R. La Monica of CNN Business suggested that Tesla's declining stock price indicated that Wall Street investors were doubtful on whether Musk's purchase would go through. CleanTechnica's Matt Pressman believed that Musk's purchase would benefit Tesla because owners of the company's cars often engaged on the platform, and Lindsey Bakes of Deseret News wrote that Musk could integrate cryptocurrency within Twitter.
Kevin D. Williamson of American conservative magazine National Review likened Musk's purchase of Twitter to the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign, labeling it a publicity stunt, his colleague Rich Lowry said that liberal politicians' strong reaction to Musk's purchase was an indication that Twitter's existing policies had "political consequences", and the editors of the publication wished Musk well in his quest to promote free speech on Twitter. Bonnie Kristian of evangelical magazine Christianity Today felt that the purchase would only "add to the confusion" surrounding the contentious debate on free speech, while Paris Marx of American socialist magazine Jacobin dismissed Musk's proclamations that he sought to protect free speech as an "example of his hubris". Corbin K. Barthold of conservative public policy magazine City Journal believed it would be difficult but "worth the struggle" to end censorship on Twitter, while Peter van Buren of The Spectator World opined that Musk should simply take Twitter offline. Cathy Young of center-right news website The Bulwark felt that Musk's planned reforms to Twitter were "unlikely to succeed", further observing that commentators who opposed the purchase viewed it as right-wing backlash against "perceived left-wing social media bias". Robby Soave of American libertarian magazine Reason postulated that Musk's purchase would not threaten Twitter or democracy, suggesting that those overstating the importance of the platform were "Musk's critics in progressive and mainstream media", with James McElroy of The American Conservative further arguing that many journalists' condemnation of the acquisition was motivated by "professional anxiety".
Equity analyst Angelo Zino believed that Twitter's acceptance of Musk's proposal may have stemmed from its realization that alternative bidders would be unlikely to emerge due to social media companies' declining asset prices. Associate professor Brian Quinn of Boston College Law School noted that it would be difficult for Musk to arbitrarily pull out of the deal due to the contractual doctrines of fair dealing and good faith. Kate Klonick, a law professor at St. John's University, argued that to allow "all free speech" to exist on Twitter would open the door to the spread of pornography and hate speech. Similarly, Joan Donovan, research director at Harvard's Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy, stated that the lack of moderation on Twitter would lead to online harassment. Bill George, a senior fellow at Harvard Business School and former CEO of Medtronic, argued that Musk's purchase of Twitter would harm both society and Musk himself, while analyst Mike Proulx of Forrester Research cautioned that other companies may leave Twitter if Musk loosens its moderation policies. Proprietary trader Dennis Dick opined that Musk's spambot claims were tactics by him to lower the price of the purchase. Analysts noted that the involvement of foreign entities as independent investors could cause the transaction to face national security scrutiny by the CFIUS. Left-leaning media watchdog Media Matters for America and think tank Australian Strategic Policy Institute suggested that China could use its influence to extract political concessions or manipulate Twitter due to Musk's ties to the country. American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) executive director Anthony D. Romero warned of the potential danger of Musk wielding excessive power.


=== Attempted termination ===
Following Musk's announcement that he intended to terminate the agreement, legal experts generally agreed it would be difficult for him to do so. Law professor James Park of the University of California, Los Angeles found Musk's spambot argument weak and doubted it was material, while Case Western Reserve University business law professor Anat Alon-Beck observed that Twitter was compelled to enforce the merger so as to disprove Musk's allegations. Professor Jennifer Grygiel of Syracuse University mused that Musk may reverse course and revisit the deal. Tulane University Law School associate dean for faculty research Ann Lipton and mergers and acquisitions expert Julian Klymochko both expressed doubts that Musk could prove there was a material adverse effect.
Felix Salmon of Axios noted that a clause in the contract opened the door for a judge to grant specific performance and order Musk to move forward with the deal. CNBC's Jonathan Vanian described Musk's withdrawal as the product of months of buyer's remorse, while his colleague Alex Sherman observed that paying the stipulated breakup fee would not relieve Musk of compensations or sanctions. Writing for The Wall Street Journal, Holman W. Jenkins Jr. questioned whether Musk had proposed the acquisition "out of mouth momentum or excessive enjoyment of the limelight or for some mysterious reason that causes an onlooker to throw up his hands". Various news publications believed that Zatko's complaint provided potential evidence in Musk's favor, though Bloomberg News columnist Matt Levine argued that the complaint confirmed Twitter's monetizable daily active users counts do not include spambots.


=== Revitalization of bid ===
Greg Varallo of the Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann law firm observed that if Musk failed to secure funding and close the acquisition, he could be barred from claiming that he can terminate the acquisition as per the legal doctrine of judicial estoppel. New York University's Center for Social Media and Politics executive director Zeve Sanderson cautioned that if Musk were to lay off 75 percent of Twitter's workforce, it would make it more difficult for the company to moderate its content. Professor David Kaye of the University of California, Irvine School of Law and Professor Eric Goldman of the Santa Clara University School of Law concurred, warning of a potential increase in misinformation and harassment on the platform. However, they noted that the layoffs could still be mitigated through an increase in automated content moderation.


=== Completion of purchase ===
Conservative commentators celebrated the purchase's closure. Fox News host Tucker Carlson argued that Musk's laissez-faire approach to moderation on Twitter would reshape American political discourse. Shapiro wrote that he hoped other social media platforms would implement Musk's proposals and called on Musk to reverse Peterson's suspension from Twitter. Political commentator Matt Walsh saw the purchase as an opportunity to rally opposition against the "trans agenda". Political columnist Benny Johnson called on Musk to reverse the suspensions of several prominent conservatives. Spiked's O'Neill claimed that liberals' negative reaction to the closure reflected their fear of freedom and liberty, while Washington Examiner's Christopher Tremoglie disapproved of Musk's idea for a moderation council as continued censorship.
Lauren Hirsch of The New York Times observed that Musk would face financial challenges in owning Twitter, including the company's difficulty in turning a profit. Richard Waters of the Financial Times echoed Hirsch's sentiments, adding that it would difficult for Musk to allow the right amount of free speech on the platform. Kate Ferguson of Deutsche Welle viewed Musk as unreliable and therefore unfit to operate Twitter, and Hamilton Nolan of The Guardian felt the purchase was an attempt by Musk to "control the conversation". Barbara Ortutay, Tom Krisher and Matt O'Brien of the Associated Press noted Musk's contradictory and vague messages in the past regarding his vision for Twitter, while Ben Burgis of Jacobin criticized liberals' technocratic views and their downplaying of the importance of free speech in response to the purchase, though he remarked that Musk had a history of suppressing his critics. Also writing for The New York Times, Kate Conger, Ryan Mac, and Tiffany Hsu noted that Musk's meetings with civil rights activists and his plans for a content moderation council were reminiscent of the actions taken by Zuckerberg following backlash on Facebook's handling of the 2016 U.S. elections. Politico's Jack Shafer noted that media coverage of Musk's purchase foretold "chaos, greater political oversight, and outright failure."
Edward Niedermeyer, an author and critic of Musk, argued that Twitter may fail due to Musk's hubris. Scholars who studied the First Amendment, such as professor Jonathan Turley of the George Washington University Law School, praised Musk's plans to tone down content moderation on Twitter. New York University's Center for Business and Human Rights deputy director Paul M. Barrett speculated that a moderation council under Musk would face skepticism due to Musk's "erratic and imperious" behavior in the past. Alex Stamos of Stanford University's Center for International Security and Cooperation questioned how Musk would respond to foreign governments attempting to influence Twitter's userbase. Those in the cryptocurrency field, such as podcaster Bryce Paul and investor Cathie Wood, expressed excitement at the prospects of Musk's ownership.
Media Matters for America president Angela Carusone warned that Musk's leadership would lead to an increase in disinformation, conspiracy theories, and harassment on Twitter. Literary group PEN America opined that the midterm elections in November would serve as a test as to whether Musk would allow disinformation to spread rapidly on the platform, while American left-wing activist coalition Stop the Deal warned of real-world consequences if a rise in hate speech occurs on Twitter. Over 40 civil rights groups signed an open letter to 20 Twitter advertisers urging them to abandon the platform if Musk lifts its content moderation measures. Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt said he was "cautiously optimistic" about the purchase, but expressed concerns over a potential rise in hate speech. Fight for the Future director Evan Greer appreciated Musk's idea for a moderation council, but noted that Musk had supreme authority on any decisions made. Eliot Higgins of Bellingcat believed that Musk's attempts to promote free speech would backfire under increased government regulation. LGBTQ+ advocacy group Human Rights Campaign voiced concern at Twitter's new ownership and argued that Twitter has the responsibility to stop its platform from turning into a "dangerous media environment".


== Legacy ==
On the first anniversary of the acquisition, Musk valued the company at $19 billion, a 55 percent decrease from the buyout's $44 billion purchase price. Fidelity, which contributed $300 million to the acquisition, depressed the value by 65 percent. Statistics indicated a 30 percent decline in active users, 60 percent decline in advertising, 14 percent decline in website traffic, and 38 percent decline in app downloads. The company has denied this, claiming an increase in engagement. A nonfiction book about the acquisition, Breaking Twitter: Elon Musk and the Most Controversial Corporate Takeover in History, was announced by author Ben Mezrich in December 2022 and released in November 2023.
Many publications reflected on Twitter's first year under Musk's ownership. Journalists for The Washington Post, citing data from the University of Washington, wrote that the platform had "become a cacophony of misinformation and confusing reports", remarking on Twitter's stark shift toward conservatism. Pranav Dixit of The Guardian lambasted the changes and reforms Musk had instituted in the past year, while Miles Klee of Rolling Stone criticized Musk's alleged pandering to "right-wing extremists and peddlers of misinformation". The Verge's Jay Peters pointed to Musk's radical changes and declining user numbers as evidence that the takeover was a "disaster", while Bloomberg's Aisha Counts zeroed in on the increase in misinformation and hate speech. Kate Conger of The New York Times and Alex Kirshner of Slate lamented that Musk's acquisition had fundamentally changed the meaning of Twitter. Annika Burgess of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation declared, "Twitter as the world knew it is dead". Musk has largely dismissed this negative commentary.
The Wall Street Journal opined in 2024 that the $13 billion Musk had borrowed to buy Twitter was "the worst merger-finance deal for banks" since the 2007–2008 financial crisis, adding that the "allure" of banking Musk had proved "too attractive to pass up". The Washington Post reported that the company had lost $24 billion in equity value, "a vaporization of wealth that has little parallel outside the realm of economic or industry-specific crashes, or devastating corporate scandals."


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
Press release of the acquisition announcementElon Musk completed his acquisition of Twitter in October 2022; Musk acted as CEO of Twitter until June 2023 when he was succeeded by Linda Yaccarino. In a move that, despite Yaccarino's accession, was widely attributed to Musk, Twitter was rebranded to X on July 23, 2023, and its domain name changed from twitter.com to x.com on May 17, 2024.
X is one of the top social media platforms and the fifth-most-visited website in the world as of June 2024. Users can share posts containing text messages, images, and videos and interact with other users' content through likes and reposts. X offers additional features such as direct messaging, video and audio calling, bookmarks, lists, communities, a chatbot, and the social audio feature Spaces.
Founded in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey, Noah Glass, Biz Stone, and Evan Williams as Twitter, it underwent a rebranding in July 2023 after being acquired by Elon Musk in 2022. Now operating as X, the platform closely resembles its predecessor but includes additional features such as long-form texts,  account monetization options, audio-video calls, integration with xAI's Grok chatbot, job search, and a verification process accessible to premium users. Several Twitter legacy features were removed from the site after Musk acquired Twitter, including Circles, NFT profile pictures, and pronouns in profiles. Musk aims to transform X into an "everything app", akin to WeChat.
X has faced significant controversy post-rebranding. Issues such as the release of the Twitter Files, suspension of journalists' accounts, and temporary measures like labeling media outlets as "state-affiliated" and restricting their visibility have sparked criticism. Despite Musk stepping down as CEO, X continues to struggle with challenges such as viral misinformation, hate speech, and antisemitism controversies. In response to allegations, X Corp. has pursued legal action against nonprofit organizations Media Matters and the Center for Countering Digital Hate.


== History ==


=== Acquisition of Twitter ===

Elon Musk initiated the acquisition of Twitter, Inc. on April 14, 2022, and completed it on October 28, 2022. His goal was to transform Twitter into X, an all-encompassing app inspired by WeChat. By April, Musk had become Twitter's largest shareholder with a 9.2 percent stake and made an unsolicited $44 billion offer on April 14, which Twitter's board initially resisted before accepting on April 25. In July, Musk attempted to terminate the deal, citing Twitter's failure to address spam bot accounts. Twitter sued him, with a trial set for mid-October. Musk then reversed his decision and completed the acquisition on October 28. He became the new owner and CEO, took Twitter private, merged it into X Corp., and fired several top executives, including CEO Parag Agrawal. Following Twitter's change in ownership, Musk renamed several features to remove references to bird-oriented terminology, including renaming "Birdwatch" to "Community Notes".
Musk is not the sole owner of X Corp.  X Corp. is wholly owned by X Holdings Corp. (XHC), and based on a court filing by X Corp. and XHC, investors in XHC include entities linked to Bill Ackman, Larry Ellison, Marc Andreessen, and Sean Combs.  The court filing also reflects that over 20 Fidelity-associated funds, trusts and pools are investors in XHC.


=== Post-acquisition ===
On July 23, 2023, Musk announced X's launch, which would replace Twitter, which started when the X.com domain (formerly associated with PayPal) began redirecting to Twitter; the logo was changed from the bird to the X the next day, and the platform's official main and associated accounts also began using the letter X within their handles. The @x handle was originally owned by photographer Gene X Hwang, who registered it in 2007. Hwang had expressed willingness to sell the handle, but received an email on July 25, 2023, stating that the company was taking it. He was offered some X merchandise and a meeting with the company's leaders, but no financial benefits. The Android app's name and icon were changed to X on Google Play by July 27; the same change went live on the App Store on July 31 after Apple granted an exception to its minimum character length of 2. Around that time, some more elements of the Twitter branding were removed from the web version, including tweets being renamed to "posts".
The rebrand was described as unusual, given that Twitter's brand was already strong internationally, with words like "tweet" having entered common language. The rebranding has been criticized on the basis that the trademarkability of the name and logo is weak: there are almost 900 companies in the U.S. that own an X trademark, including an existing social media-related logo owned by Meta Platforms. The X logo uses a blackboard bold X, a character that has appeared in mathematical textbooks since the 1970s and that is included in Unicode as U+1D54F 𝕏 MATHEMATICAL DOUBLE-STRUCK CAPITAL X.
A few days after the rebrand took effect, an AP Stylebook update recommended that journalists refer to the platform as "X, formerly known as Twitter". In September 2023, Ad Age, citing The Harris Poll, noted that the rebranding had not publicly caught on, with the majority of users as well as notable brands still referring to X as "Twitter".
On May 17, 2024, Musk announced that the URL was officially changed from twitter.com to x.com. The domain transition was one of the more awkward aspects of Musk's rebranding the company.
Musk diverted a large number of Nvidia chips which had been ordered by Tesla to Twitter and xAI.
Social media sites including Twitter came under questioning for their handing of disinformation related to the 2024 United Kingdom riots. Musk criticised UK Prime Minister Keir Starmer amid the riots, saying "Shouldn't you be concerned about attacks on *all* communities?". Responding to a tweet with footage of the disorder that said the riots were due to the "effects of mass migration and open borders", Musk tweeted, "Civil war is inevitable". His comments were condemned by Starmer's official spokesman. Musk had previously restored Tommy Robinson's account (after Robinson had been banned under Twitter's previous owners) and interacted with him on the platform. Musk went on to refer to Starmer as "two-tier Keir" and ask, "Why aren't all communities protected in Britain?" Musk promoted a conspiracy theory that the UK government was planning to build detainments camps in the Falkland Islands to hold rioters.
The UK's Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology Peter Kyle said that in practice dealing with large tech companies and their leaders can be more like negotiating with foreign states than normal businesses.
In October 2024, Musk seized the handle @America and gave it to America PAC.


== Appearance and features ==


=== Posts ===
Posts are publicly visible by default, but senders can restrict message delivery to only their followers. Users can mute users they do not wish to interact with, block accounts from viewing their posts, and remove accounts from their followers list. Users can post via the X website, compatible external applications (such as for smartphones), or by Short Message Service (SMS) available in certain countries. Users may subscribe to other users' posts—this is known as "following" and subscribers are known as "followers". Individual posts can be forwarded by other users to their own feed, a process known as a "repost". Users can also "quote", a feature that allows users to add a comment to their post, imbedding one post in the other. Users can also "like"  individual posts.
The counters for "likes", "reposts", and replies appear next to the respective buttons in timelines such as on profile pages and search results. Counters for likes and reposts exist on a post's standalone page too.
Users can group posts together by topic or type by use of hashtags – words or phrases prefixed with a "#" sign. Similarly, the "@" sign followed by a username is used for mentioning or replying to other users. Hashflags are special hashtags that automatically generate a custom emoji next to them for a certain period of time. Hashflags may be generated by X themselves or be purchased by corporations. Users can reply to other accounts' replies. Users can hide replies to their messages and select who can reply to each of their posts before sending them: anyone, accounts the poster followed, verified accounts, or specific accounts.


=== X Hiring ===
X offers a job search feature named X Hiring, where users can search jobs by keyword or location, and they may filter the results by location type, seniority, employment type and company. Users can also get personalized job recommendations on their timeline.


=== Grok ===

Grok is a generative artificial intelligence chatbot developed by xAI, and integrated inside X. It has direct access to X data, and is available for Premium and Premium+ subscribers. Grok is also used to power the Stories feature, which summarizes posts on X associated with each trending story. Stories are visible under the For You tab of the Explore section.


=== Premium ===
X offers three tiers of paid subscription for individual users, namely Premium, which provides additional functionality compared to the free tier. The three tiers are Basic, Premium, and Premium+. Additionally, X offers a paid subscription for businesses, non-profits, and governments called Verified Organization, which provides additional functionality beyond the Premium+ tier.


==== Basic ====
This is the entry-level subscription tier for the social media platform X. Priced at $3 per month or $32 per year, it offers several enhancements over the free version, aimed at improving user experience. Basic tier allows users to edit posts within 30 minutes of posting and retract a post shortly after sending it, before it is widely seen. It enables users to write posts up to 25,000 characters, bypassing the 280-character limit, and to upload videos up to three hours long and 8 GB in size on the X website and iOS app. Users can also download videos posted on X, play videos in the background while using other features, and apply bold or italic formatting to text in posts. Additionally, Basic tier provides organizational tools such as bookmark folders, access to the most shared articles from followed accounts, and a reader mode for simplified reading of long conversation threads. Subscribers can also customize the X app icon on their mobile devices, create communities based on shared interests, and enjoy prioritized replies over non-subscribers.


==== Premium ====
This is the mid-tier subscription, costing $8 per month or $84 per year. It includes all Basic tier features plus additional benefits aimed at enhanced user engagement and monetization. Premium subscribers can earn a share of ad revenue based on the engagement their posts receive and set up creator subscriptions to receive monthly payments from top followers, sharing revenue generated by X. They also gain access to Media Studio for managing and measuring content performance, X Pro for managing multiple timelines and accounts from a single interface and Grok, an AI-powered chatbot for information and inquiries. Premium subscribers see half the ads compared to Basic subscribers and non-subscribers and receive a verification checkmark next to their name, with the option to hide it. Replies from Premium subscribers are prioritized higher than those from Basic subscribers.


==== Premium+ ====
This is the top-tier subscription, priced at $16 per month or $168 per year. It includes all features from Basic and Premium tiers, along with exclusive benefits. Premium+ subscribers have no advertisements on the site. They can directly post articles with formatting, and their replies receive the highest prioritization over other tiers.


==== Verified Organizations ====
It offers a premium subscription service for businesses, non-profits and governments with two plans: Basic and Full Access. The Basic plan, available for $200 per month or $2,000 per year, includes a gold checkmark, priority support, X Premium+ features, and a limited-time advertising credit of $2,500 per year or $200 per month. The Full Access plan, priced at $1,000 per month or $10,000 per year, includes all the Basic plan features plus increased reach, affiliations, and a limited-time advertising credit of $12,000 per year or $1,000 per month.


== Corporate management ==


=== Layoffs and mass resignations ===

On November 4, 2022, Musk and Twitter began laying off a substantial portion of the company's workforce and Twitter temporarily closed its offices, with The New York Times estimating that roughly half of employees had been let go. The night before the layoffs, five Twitter employees based in San Francisco and Cambridge, Massachusetts, filed a lawsuit against the company, alleging that mass layoffs would violate federal and California WARN Acts. Musk explained that the layoffs were a cost-cutting measure and stated that the company had been losing over $4 million a day, criticizing activist groups who had called on advertisers to cease doing business with the company. The Times described the layoffs as "haphazard", with employees learning of their firing through a variety of means. Workers in Tokyo received emails regarding the layoffs, while those in Ireland and Britain remained in their offices at night to await official word on their employment status. Others learned that they had been laid off when they found themselves locked out of their work applications. Twitter's internal directory, Birdhouse, was taken offline and Twitter offices worldwide were closed for the weekend.

On November 6, Twitter asked some employees who had been laid off to return to the company, either because they had been fired by mistake or because they were belatedly deemed important to the health of the business.
Days after the layoffs, Twitter terminated a large number of its contractors, and Musk fired a series of employees who criticized him publicly or within the company. On November 16, Musk delivered an ultimatum to employees via email: commit to "extremely hardcore" work in order to realize Musk's vision of "Twitter 2.0", or leave. In response, hundreds of Twitter employees resigned the next day, hours before the deadline to respond to Musk's email. Business Insider reported that fewer than 2,000 employees remained at the company. Musk and his advisers met with several employees to dissuade them from leaving the company, while Twitter offices were once again closed until November 21. Despite the closures, Musk summoned all Twitter software engineers to Twitter's headquarters on November 18, seeking greater insight into the platform's solution stack. Additional layoffs occurred later that month, and the company resumed hiring. Musk continued laying off employees in February 2023, promising substantial "performance-based stock awards" to employees who remained at the company.

In November 2022, Axios reported that Twitter had fired almost all of its communications team, leaving only one member. From November 2022 to March 2023, Twitter's communications team was "effectively silent" and not responding to press inquiries, reported NPR. In March 2023, Musk personally announced a new Twitter policy, which brought Twitter in-line with Musk's other businesses which do not have press or communications departments. During the April 2023 controversy, NPR confirmed that a press inquiry it sent to Twitter was responded to by Twitter with an emoji of feces. The auto-reply was later changed to "Busy now, please check back later". In April 2023, Musk told the BBC that he had reduced staff from around 8,000 to under 1,500. In June 2023, trust and safety chief Ella Irwin resigned, hours after Musk undid a company moderation decision by unrestricting and reposting The Daily Wire's anti-trans documentary What Is a Woman?.


=== Resignation poll ===

On November 16, 2022, Musk stated that he planned to eventually appoint a new CEO to oversee Twitter, shortly thereafter beginning the process of searching for his successor. On December 18, amid growing public discontent surrounding the ElonJet and Mastodon controversies, Musk conducted an open-access Twitter poll asking whether he should resign from his position as Twitter CEO, claiming that he would "abide by the results". The poll resolved to "yes" after 57.5 percent of 17.5 million users voted in favor of him stepping down.
After this result, Musk responded "interesting" to unfounded theories that the result of the resignation poll had been influenced by bots, agreeing with a user's suggestion to restrict future polls on policy changes to paid Twitter Blue subscribers. On December 20, he announced he would step down as CEO as soon as his replacement was selected, but would continue to lead Twitter's software and server teams. On April 11, 2023, he told the BBC that he had stepped down and appointed his dog as CEO.
On May 11, 2023, Musk announced he had found a person to succeed him in the CEO position; the following day, he named Linda Yaccarino, former head of ad sales for NBCUniversal, to succeed him as CEO.


=== Corporate value ===
One year after the Musk acquisition, company documents related to employee restricted stock grants showed the company had estimated its own valuation at about $19 billion, down about 55% from Musk's purchase price. A lower estimate was reported in October 2023 from Fidelity at about the same time, estimating the company to be down 65% from its purchase price. Fidelity estimated in October 2024 that the company's value was down 79% from Musk's original purchase price, 24% lower than what Fidelity had estimated two months earlier.


=== Fines ===
In August 2023, X was fined US$350,000 for failing to meet two deadlines to comply with a U.S. Department of Justice search warrant for the account of former president Donald Trump. In October 2024, the Supreme Court declined to hear X's appeal.
In October 2023, X was fined AU$610,500 by Australia's e-Safety Commission for failing to properly disclose information about how it polices child abuse content.
As of 2023 other fines were being considered.


== Content moderation ==


=== Initial reforms ===
On October 28, 2022, Musk announced that a "content moderation council" with diversified viewpoints would be established to inform the platform's "content policy", and declared a moratorium in "major content decisions or account reinstatements" until then. The council was never formed; Musk claimed that it had been part of a deal made with activists who had failed to honor it. He also signaled an intention to do away with lifetime account suspensions and unban those suspended for "minor [or] dubious reasons". Musk later stated that he would not alter Twitter's content policies or restore banned accounts until after the midterm elections.
In June 2023, Musk defended the approach to content moderation as "freedom of speech, not freedom of reach", previously describing the platform as having liberal bias. In September 2023, X subsequently scrapped the feature for users to report misleading posts, instead relying exclusively on Community Notes to combat misinformation on the platform.


=== Handling of misinformation and disinformation ===

In November 2022, X announced it would no longer enforce its policy prohibiting COVID-19 misinformation. Algorithm changes promoted viral disinformation about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and led to significant gains in followers for media outlets affiliated with Russia, China and Iran. Twitter, like Meta, Twitch, and Alphabet, laid off a significant portion of its content moderators in 2023.
As of September 2023, Twitter relied exclusively on its Community Notes program to combat misinformation, leading to failures in labeling misinformation. The program has become responsible for spreading misinformation as well as delays in fact-checking. A European Commission study found that disinformation was most prevalent and received the highest relative engagement on Twitter, compared to other major social networks, leading to warnings of a potential ban or fines by the EU for non-compliance with the Digital Services Act.
In October 2023, media outlets and experts observed significant disinformation related to the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. A BBC journalist described a "deluge" of false information, including by "blue tick" accounts, and CNBC found that while some videos were flagged as "misleading or false", identical re-posts remained unflagged. Despite Hamas being banned on Twitter as a terrorist organization, some of its propaganda videos have circulated on the platform.
An analysis from NewsGuard found that Verified users, described as "superspreaders of misinformation", produced 74% of the most viral misinformation related to the Israel-Hamas war during the first week of the conflict. The study analyzed 250 of the most-engaged posts on Twitter, based on the most popular false or unsubstantiated claims, that had received over 100 million views and one million engagements from users. On December 18, 2023, the European Union announced it would be taking action against Twitter over the spread of disinformation.
In August 2024, several Labour MPs reduced their use of Twitter or left the platform due to concerns about misinformation and hate speech under Musk's ownership. Some explored alternatives like Threads and Bluesky, while the UK government continued using X, focusing on implementing stronger online safety regulations.


=== Increase in hate speech ===
Following Musk's acquisition of Twitter, multiple organizations reported a rise in hate speech on the platform, including the Center for Countering Digital Hate, the Anti-Defamation League, and a research group at Tufts University. The Center for Countering Digital Hate report found that anti-Black slurs appeared on Twitter at nearly three times the rate they had prior to the acquisition and that homophobic and transphobic slurs had risen by 52% and 62% respectively. Academics and researchers studied the spread of hate speech on Twitter primarily by accessing the Twitter API, which was shut down in February 2023. According to a Reuters survey, this removal led to the modification or cancellation of more than 100 ongoing studies.
According to the Institute of Strategic Dialogue (ISD), from June 2022 to February 2023, the number of anti-semitic tweets doubled on the platform, with removal of such content also increasing, while the number of Islamic State accounts had also increased by 70%. In March, a study from the BBC found a third of the 1,100 reinstated accounts appeared to have violated Twitter guidelines. Twitter insiders told BBC Panorama they were struggling to protect users from trolling and harassment, including misogynistic online hate, and the targeting of rape survivors.
From a study of over 1 million tweets since 2022, the Center for Countering Digital Hate (CCDH) reported that posts associating LGBT people to "grooming" increased by 119 percent since October 2022, with advertising also appearing alongside what many deemed anti-LGBT rhetoric. The study featured five high-profile accounts including Libs of TikTok, Christopher Rufo, Tim Pool, and James Lindsay. Media monitoring group GLAAD described Twitter as "the most dangerous platform for LGBTQ people" with X ranking lowest on its Social Media Safety Index.
In November 2023, the CCDH released a new report claiming 98% of misinformation, antisemitism, Islamophobia, and other hate speech, in relation to the Israel-Hamas war, remained on X after 7 days of reporting, generating over 24 million views. X responded by detailing the removal of 3,000 accounts and taking action against 325,000 pieces of content, such as restricting the reach of a post.  On November 24, the European Union halted advertisements on X referring to an "alarming increase" in hate speech and misinformation. A spokesperson for the European Commission confirmed that X is affected by the EU rules, and has advised European institutions to abstain from advertising on the platform.
Following the Dublin riots in Ireland on November 23, X faced criticism for allowing "vile messages" on the platform, described as hate speech, while other social media platforms, TikTok, Instagram, and Facebook, complied with Garda requests for taking down content. After Prime Minister Leo Varadkar called for incitement to hatred legislation to be updated, Musk responded by claiming "the Irish PM hates the Irish people".


=== Child sexual abuse ===
In August 2023, it was reported that child sexual abuse material (CSAM) on Twitter was still an issue, despite statements by Musk that removing it was a top priority. As of June 2023, an investigation by the Stanford Internet Observatory at Stanford University reported "a lapse in basic enforcement" against CSAM by Twitter within "recent months". The number of staff on Twitter's trust and safety teams were reduced, for example, leaving one full-time staffer to handle all child sexual abuse material in the Asia-Pacific region in November 2022. An investigation by BBC Panorama found concerns that child sexual abuse is rising, following the layoffs and changes at Twitter since Musk's takeover.


=== Malicious and fake accounts ===
In March 2024, The Intelligencer reported on the proliferation of spam posts containing the phrase "░P░U░S░S░Y░I░N░B░I░O░", or similar references to pornographic content appearing in the poster's bio, apparently formatted so as to evade counter-spam measures. The commonality of "pussy in bio" or "PIB" spam made it fodder for jokes, including one posted by Elon Musk himself. The Intelligencer further noted that most of the accounts that posted this spam were short-lived throwaway accounts, and that links provided by the accounts typically routed users through several layers of redirecting websites, ultimately landing on a provider of simulated sex chats.


== Policy changes ==

In December 2022, Twitter dissolved the Trust and Safety Council responsible for Twitter's policies on hate speech, child sexual exploitation, and self-harm content. This occurred while evidence showed an increase in hate speech following Musk's acquisition. The new head of Trust and Safety, Ella Irwin, announced that Twitter had moved towards more automation to moderate content, in order to restrict diffusion, later described by Musk as "freedom of speech, not freedom of reach".
Twitter adopted an updated zero-tolerance policy on "violent speech" on February 28, 2023, described by The Verge as both "more specific and more vague" than the prior version. As of April 2023 there was no evidence of policy changes that had decreased the overall number of bots, although there was some evidence that spambots had decreased slightly.


=== Account suspensions and reinstatements ===

Within hours of the takeover in October 2022, the far-right Britain First account, previously banned in 2017, was reinstated. Account bans continued to be lifted in late November 2022, beginning with Jordan Peterson, Kathy Griffin, The Babylon Bee, and Donald Trump. Multiple accounts were suspended, many of which had been named by far-right figures who urged Musk to take action. Among those banned include a group that provided security to LGBTQ+ events, and several accounts parodying Musk.
In November, Twitter analytics firm Bot Sentinel calculated that around 877,000 accounts were deactivated and 497,000 were suspended between October 28 and November 1, over double the usual number. In December, neo-Nazi Andrew Anglin and founder of The Daily Stormer was reinstated, within 24 hours of Kanye West's suspension after posting an antisemitic tweet. Kanye's account was later restored in July 2023.
In May 2023, Musk announced Twitter would delete accounts that have been inactive for several years, including accounts of dead people. This led to criticism, mainly from those who charged it would disallow them from reading tweets written by their deceased loved ones.
In June 2023 Twitter suspended the accounts of Musk/Tesla critic Aaron Greenspan and his legal transparency company PlainSite. PlainSite had released a number of Musk/Tesla-related documents over the years. In February 2023 Musk had sued Greenspan over communications between the two being published.
In January 2024, X banned accounts belonging to several journalists and left-leaning accounts, including Ken Klippenstein.
In August 2024, a Brazilian Supreme Court judge cautioned that social media platform X might face suspension if Elon Musk did not appoint a new legal representative for Brazil within 24 hours, in relation to issues over the reinstatement of Brazilian accounts that had been suspended under a court order. Musk had earlier paused X's business operations in the country and criticized Judge Alexandre de Moraes for his efforts against disinformation. If Musk failed to comply, the platform could be suspended, which happened on late August 2024, being lifted after the municipal elections on early October 2024, after the social network appointed a representative in Brazil, blocked the accounts as requested by justice and paid R$ 28.6 past due in fines applied to X.


==== ElonJet and journalists suspended ====

On December 14, Musk suspended ElonJet, a Twitter bot account operated by Jack Sweeney which tracked Musk's private jet in real-time using publicly accessible data, in addition to several of Sweeney's other accounts. He had previously stated, "My commitment to free speech extends even to not banning the account following my plane, even though that is a direct personal safety risk." Defending his decision to suspend the accounts, Musk declared a ban on doxxing real-time location data, and Twitter followed suit by updating its policies page. The next day, Twitter banned the accounts of multiple journalists who had been covering the ElonJet incident, as well as the Mastodon account on Twitter, on the grounds that they had violated the new doxing policy. Some of the suspended journalists joined a Twitter Spaces mass audio call with Musk, where Musk was asked about their suspensions; Musk quit the call, and the call was abruptly ended before the entire Twitter Spaces service was temporarily taken down. Musk attributed the shutdown to a software bug, while a Twitter senior software engineer said that Spaces had been "taken offline". Most suspended journalists were later reinstated, but found themselves unable to post new tweets until their policy-violating tweets had been taken down.


=== State-affiliated media labeling ===
In April 2023, Twitter designated National Public Radio's main account as "US state-affiliated media", a label that was typically reserved for foreign media outlets that directly represented the point of view of their respective governments, like Russia's RT and China's Xinhua. Twitter's decision was controversial; though established by an act of Congress, NPR is an independent news organization that only receives a fraction of its funding through government programs. Twitter's previous policy had explicitly mentioned NPR, as well as the United Kingdom's BBC, as examples of networks that were not considered state-affiliated due to their editorial independence. NPR ceased activity on its main Twitter account in response to the designation. As of October 2023, NPR still no longer uses Twitter, with the media outlet describing  the effects on traffic as negligible.On April 8, 2023, Twitter changed the designation of NPR's account from "state-affiliated" to "government-funded". On April 10, after managing to get in contact with Musk himself, NPR reporter Bobby Allyn tweeted that Musk said he was relying on a list accessible through a Wikipedia category page, named "Category:Publicly funded broadcasters", to determine which news organizations' accounts should be deemed as "government-funded media". Twitter then added the label to other sources such as PBS, the BBC, and Voice of America, which all three objected to.
On April 12, NPR announced that its accounts would no longer be active on Twitter, citing the platform's "inaccurate and misleading" labeling of NPR as "government-funded media" despite the fact that it receives "less than 1 percent of its $300 million annual budget" from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. As their last post on the platform, the network shared links to their alternative newsletters, websites and social media profiles. In an email to the staff explaining the decision, CEO John Lansing allowed individual NPR journalists and staffers to choose for themselves whether to keep using Twitter, while noting that remaining on the site "would be a disservice to the serious work you all do here".
On April 17, Canadian public broadcaster CBC was designated as "government-funded media" by Twitter, in response to a letter from Conservative Party of Canada leader Pierre Poilievre. On April 18, the label was changed to "70% government-funded media", referring to outdated data from the CBC's 2020–2021 report; shortly afterwards, Musk tweaked the percentage in the label to "69%". Musk tweeted "Canadian Broadcasting Corp said they're 'less than 70% government-funded', so we corrected the label". In response, CBC announced they would pause Twitter activity.
On April 21, Twitter stopped labeling state-affiliated media entirely, with neither Western publicly funded outlets such as NPR, BBC and CBC, nor China's Xinhua and Russia's RT, displaying the label on their accounts.


=== Transgender hateful conduct and slurs ===

After previously indicating his intention to review Twitter's policy against "misgendering or deadnaming of transgender individuals", Musk relaxed the platform's hate speech policies in November 2022, with Gizmodo describing the policy protecting transgender people as "effectively dead". While previously tweets would be removed, Twitter announced it would instead place warning labels on tweets that are "potentially" in violation of its hateful conduct policy in April 2023.
On June 1, the first day of Pride Month, Musk confirmed that a policy against misgendering wouldn't be enforced, and that in his opinion "Whether or not you agree with using someone’s preferred pronouns, not doing so is at most rude and certainly breaks no laws".
In June, Musk promoted the film What Is a Woman? by The Daily Wire, after a Twitter review determined the content promoted hateful conduct, and was therefore in violation of abuse and harassment policies. Musk claimed the objection to the film was "a mistake", but that it wouldn't be promoted across the platform. After a pressure campaign from users, the restrictions were reduced to simply not being placed next to advertising. Shortly after, Musk declared that the words "cis" and "cisgender" are considered slurs on Twitter, within the context of repeated and targeted harassment. In October, the ability to report allegations of transphobic abuse had been scrapped.
In November, PragerU would buy a "timeline takeover" advertising spot, which forces an advertisement and accompanying hashtag to be seen by most Twitter users regardless of demographics or preferences for 24 hours, to promote their short film Detrans: The Dangers of Gender-Affirming Care; the "timeline takeover" spot was part of PragerU's estimated $1 million marketing budget for the short film. The Nation describes "anti-trans hatred" as one of Twitter's "core features".


=== Other changes ===
On January 12, 2023, Twitter abruptly cut off many third-party Twitter clients from the site's application programming interface (API). This broke the third-party clients, but the change was not acknowledged until a week later, when the company cited unspecified "long-standing API rules" as the reason for the change. By January 19, Twitter had retroactively updated its developer agreement, barring developers from creating products similar to Twitter's own app. On February 2, Twitter announced it would be removing the free tier of its API by February 9 and replace it with a "basic paid tier". Musk later clarified on February 5, that bot accounts that provided "good content" would be permitted to continue using Twitter's API.

On June 30, 2023, Twitter blocked unregistered users from viewing tweets or profiles. Musk described the change as a "temporary emergency measure" on his own profile, blaming "several hundred organizations" for scraping data from the site. The following day further measures were implemented with temporary limits to the number of tweets a user can see per day, with verified users having 6,000, unverified users having 600 and newly created users having 300. After thousands of users reported Twitter issues to the website Downdetector, the limit was increased to 8,000 for verified users, 800 for unverified users, and 400 for new accounts. Three hours later, the limit was increased again to 10,000 for verified users, 1,000 for unverified users, and 500 for new accounts. Former Twitter executive Yoel Roth said the scraping explanation didn't "pass the sniff test," and that the incident "isn't even the first time they've completely broken the site by bumbling around in the rate limiter." On July 21, 2023, Twitter limited the number of direct messages (DMs) that unverified users could send per day. The exact daily limit is unknown.
In August 2023, Musk posted a tweet on Twitter stating that the "Block" feature would be deleted on the platform, with the exception of direct messaging. Musk suggested that a stronger version of "Mute" would replace the "Block" function. In response to backlash received from anti-bullying activists for removing the feature, chief executive Linda Yaccarino also stated that a new form of "Block" and "Mute" is currently being developed by X Corp. Major contributors of Twitter, regarding the removal of the block, said that if such a feature were to be removed, Twitter would violate the App Store and Google Play Store policies. This could potentially lead to the removal of Twitter from these platforms.
In October 2023, X began charging new users in New Zealand and the Philippines an annual fee of $1 in order to use basic features such as posting, replying and quoting tweets. The change was part of a test to determine whether users would be willing to pay a fee to access the platform. The following month, Musk declared on X that users who use the phrases "decolonization" and "from the river to the sea", commonly used by activists calling for a Palestinian state, as well as "similar euphemisms", would be suspended. According to Musk, the phrases imply genocide of Jewish people, as well as "clear calls for extreme violence", against the terms of service of the platform, and was welcomed by ADL director Jonathan Greenblatt.
In March 2024, antifascists published materials claiming to reveal the identity of the pseudonymous neo-Nazi cartoonist StoneToss. He sought help from Musk; Twitter then suspended multiple users who included StoneToss' alleged real name in their tweets, and amended its privacy policy to prohibit disclosure of others' real names. The following month, Musk announced that new users would soon have to pay in order to tweet, writing, "Unfortunately, a small fee for writing access from new users is the only way to stop the relentless onslaught of bots".
On June 12, X implemented a change to make likes private, allowing only post authors to see who liked their posts and removing the "Likes" tab from others' profiles. This decision sparked mixed reactions, with some users protesting by responding to posts they liked with images of the "Yeah!" button from Nintendo's discontinued Miiverse social network. In October 2024, Twitter announced that not only would the block function be changed to allow blocked accounts to view public posts, but not interact with said posts, but also all posts, regardless of consent, will be used to train generative AI.
Musk endorsed Donald Trump for president in July 2024 and by October had become Trump's second-largest political donor. The Wall Street Journal conducted an experiment in October by creating new X accounts, indicating no interest in politics in their profiles. Nevertheless, most of the posts in the "For You" feeds were partisan or related to the election. Overall, pro-Trump content appeared about twice as often as material supporting his Democratic opponent Kamala Harris.


== Other developments ==


=== Verification program ===

On October 30, technology newsletter Platformer reported that Twitter would require users to purchase a Twitter Blue subscription to retain the blue checkmarks indicating they were "verified" on the platform, which Musk later confirmed, saying it was a measure to combat spambot accounts. The feature began rolling out on November 5, but was then delayed until after the U.S. midterm elections due to concerns of potential election interference. Twitter's Trust and Safety team assessed the potential for impersonation of official accounts and increasing the credibility of scammers with their highest risk categorization.
On November 9, one day after the United States Election Day, Twitter launched its revamped verification program on iOS devices, with all users now able to obtain a blue checkmark by purchasing "Twitter Blue". To distinguish between those who had been verified before the change and those who received the checkmark via Twitter Blue, secondary gray checkmarks labeled "official" were briefly added to the former's profiles before Musk overruled the feature hours later. Instead, a clickable pop-up message indicating which of the two groups a verified user belonged to was added to the blue checkmark. The gray checkmarks were restored without explanation the next day, and Twitter then halted new verifications via Twitter Blue amid a spike in impersonator accounts. The program relaunched on December 12, with gold checkmarks for businesses and gray checkmarks for government accounts. Musk also met with advertisers via Twitter Spaces to outline his plans to fulfill his pre-acquisition pledges, previewing forthcoming features and allaying fears of a rise in disinformation and hate speech. He also named Community Notes, a fact-checking tool formerly known as Birdwatch, as a prospective substitute for Twitter's then-current approaches to content moderation.
On March 23, 2023, Twitter announced that "legacy" verification badges would be removed starting on April 1: this date passed with no change, before Twitter announced that the removal date for checkmarks from non-paying accounts would be April 20. The only way to acquire a blue checkmark would be through the paid Twitter Blue subscription. Around late April, the remaining "legacy" badges were removed, and only those subscribed to Twitter Blue remained. This led to a campaign by the comedian @dril and other Twitter users to "block the blue", that is, to block every user with a blue check mark, claiming that most paying users were "dead-eyed cretins who are usually trying to sell you something stupid and expensive". The @BlockTheBlue account was suspended from the website. Several famous users, however, reported having the blue check mark without having paid for it nor wanting it, such as writer Stephen King and actor Jason Alexander.


=== Twitter Files released ===
The Twitter Files are a series of internal documents from Twitter, Inc. released between December 2022 and March 2023. After acquiring Twitter on October 28, 2022, CEO Elon Musk provided these documents to journalists Matt Taibbi, Bari Weiss, Lee Fang, and authors Michael Shellenberger, David Zweig, and Alex Berenson. Taibbi and Weiss, in coordination with Musk, published the details of the files through a series of Twitter threads. After the initial release, some technology and media journalists observed that the documents mainly showed Twitter's policy team handling difficult decisions effectively. In contrast, some conservatives argued the documents revealed a liberal bias within Twitter.


=== Other changes ===
On October 31, 2022, Musk ordered Twitter employees to revamp multiple aspects of the program within one week, enlisting employees from his other companies, including Tesla, the Boring Company, and Neuralink, as well as investors Jason Calacanis and Sriram Krishnan. To meet these deadlines, many staff members were told to work longer hours.

On December 15, 2022, a day after Jack Sweeney moved to Mastodon post Twitter-ban, Twitter began blocking links to its competitor Mastodon, considering them to be "potentially harmful" or "malware". A few days later, Twitter announced a new policy barring users from promoting certain social media platforms, including Mastodon, but rescinded it within a day following significant backlash. Musk apologized and pledged to poll Twitter users before enacting "major policy changes" going forward.
On February 1, 2023, Musk temporarily made his Twitter account "private" as an experiment to test his tweets' engagement level after tweeting "something is wrong" in response to Libs of TikTok. When the experiment failed to deliver promising results, Musk summoned a group of engineers and demanded an explanation for his declining reach. A principal engineer suggested that this was due to "easily chartable waning public interest in Musk", prompting Musk to fire them. On February 13, Musk expressed concern over the fact that his tweet about Super Bowl LVII had garnered fewer impressions than U.S. President Joe Biden's. Musk ordered his engineering team to fix the perceived problem or be fired. As a result, engineers altered Twitter's algorithm to boost Musk's tweets by a factor of 1000, causing his tweets to inundate users' feeds.
In August 2023, a Washington Post analysis found that X was delaying links to external social media sites such as those owned by Meta Platforms, Substack, Bluesky, as well as Reuters and The New York Times, all companies that Musk has had grudges with. The Washington Post found that users were made to wait approximately five seconds before the links loaded. They also claimed that the New York Times had seen a drop in user traffic. A few hours after the story was first published, X started reversing this delay. In the same month, Fortune reported that Musk was planning to remove headlines and other text from news articles posted on Twitter, so that only the lead image would appear on tweets, with the change taking effect on October 4.
In March 2024, Musk has teased a Smart TV client for X, to better compete with YouTube, which would look "identical" to the YouTube application for smart TVs. The app was expected to release the week after the announcement, for Samsung Tizen and Amazon Fire OS TVs. Later, app researcher Nima Owji reviewed the X app for television, adding that it was HTML5-based.


== Lawsuits ==


=== Center for Countering Digital Hate ===
In July 2023, at the suggestion of Yaccarino, X Corp sued the Center for Countering Digital Hate (CCDH) over their research that suggested Twitter fails to act on 99% of hate content from Twitter Blue subscribers, accusing the group of "inflammatory, outrageous, and false or misleading assertions about Twitter". The online watchdog said the lawsuit was "riddled with legal deficiencies" and in November 2023 filed for dismissal. The nonprofit group also claimed it was an intimidation attempt, as well as an attempt to stifle their First Amendment protected speech. According to a Coalition for Independent Technology Research survey carried out for Reuters, the majority of researchers surveyed fear they would be sued for studying the platform since the CCDH lawsuit. On March 25, 2024, Judge Charles Breyer dismissed the lawsuit in accordance with anti-SLAPP laws.


=== Media Matters ===
On November 16, 2023, Media Matters published analysis indicating Twitter was placing major client advertisements next to user posts containing antisemitic content, including praise for Adolf Hitler and Nazis. Several prominent companies subsequently suspended their advertising on the platform, including; IBM, Apple, Lionsgate, Disney, Paramount, Comcast, Warner Bros. Discovery, Sony, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Uber, Airbnb, Ubisoft, Expedia, Fox Sports, and Netflix. The New York Times estimated the potential revenue loss to be up to $75 million.
Musk announced that X Corp would file "a thermonuclear lawsuit against Media Matters and ALL those who colluded in this fraudulent attack on our company" and called for the journalists to be jailed. On November 20, X Corp filed a complaint naming Media Matters as defendant. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced an investigation into Media Matters for potential fraud, referring to it as a "radical anti-free speech organization". On June 13, 2024 a U.S. District judge ordered that X Corp's lawsuit against Media Matters will proceed to trial on April 7, 2025. The judge, Reed O'Connor, owns Tesla stock and has chosen not to recuse. In August, he ruled against Media Matter's request that the case be dismissed. Legal experts have criticized Musk's lawsuit, deeming it "frivolous" or "bogus", and saying that it contradicts the First Amendment. In December 2023, Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey opened a similar investigation into Media Matters. In August 2024, a federal judge granted an injunction to halt the Missouri investigation, saying the suit was "using law enforcement machinery for political ends" against Media Matters, running contrary to the organization's First Amendment rights.


=== Advertisers ===
On August 6, 2024, X filed an anti-trust lawsuit in the Northern District of Texas against the World Federation of Advertisers, Unilever, Mars, CVS and Ørsted, alleging that the advertisers had conspired via their participation in the Global Alliance for Responsible Media to withhold "billions of dollars in advertising revenue" from X. The World Federation of Advertisers created the Global Alliance for Responsible Media in 2019 to address "illegal or harmful content on digital media platforms and its monetization via advertising".


== Reactions and commentary ==
Commentators have described it as a "free speech free-for-all", "free-for-all hellscape", and as a right-wing social network. The platform garnered favorable attention from conservatives and Republicans in the United States.


=== 2022 ===

In November 2022, author Stephen King, U.S. representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and U.S. senator Ed Markey criticized Musk's decision to charge Twitter users for the blue checkmark. President Biden also expressed concern with Musk's plans for Twitter, saying on November 5 that it "spews lies all across the world". After the layoffs, employees flooded the anonymous forum service Blind with negative comments about Musk, with Jack Dorsey expressing gratitude toward laid-off employees and apologizing for growing the company too rapidly. The FTC commented that it was closely monitoring developments at Twitter, stressing that Musk must abide by its consent decrees, while Irish Data Protection Commissioner Helen Dixon stated that her office had reached out to Twitter to discuss privacy concerns. Social media platform Tumblr mocked the revamped verification program by allowing its users to purchase several checkmarks for their profiles.
On November 9, 2022, Biden expressed support for a U.S. government review of the foreign investors backing Musk's purchase, alluding to national security concerns. However, U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen stated that she did not see a reason to investigate the acquisition and was unaware of any national security concerns. Seven Democratic senators urged the FTC to investigate Musk's rapid changes to Twitter, while pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly suspended all advertising campaigns on Twitter after a false tweet from an impersonator account went viral. Former head of consumer product Jeff Seibert expressed disappointment and frustration over Musk's changes to Twitter. In the wake of mass employee resignations on November 17, many Twitter users posted humorous messages on the platform expressing grief and anticipating a possible shutdown of Twitter, with some posting links to their other social media accounts.
Musk's suspension of journalists covering the ElonJet incident was widely condemned. CNN and The Washington Post, whose reporters were banned, criticized Musk's hypocrisy and impulsiveness, while Digital Content Next CEO Jason Kint demanded Musk explain his actions. Democrats Lori Trahan, Yvette Clarke, Ro Khanna, Ritchie Torres, and Martin Heinrich all criticized Musk, while Democrat Don Beyer also voiced disapproval with Musk's labeling of Mastodon links as malicious. Lawmakers from the EU, France, and Germany sided with the journalists and threatened to take retaliatory action against Musk.
The first weeks of Musk's tenure at Twitter were widely described as chaotic and tumultuous by the media. Harvard professor Sandra Sucher called Musk's mass layoffs "poorly handled". Gerald Hathaway of the Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath law firm argued the opposite, believing that Musk had done what was necessary to curb Twitter's losses, assuming his claims about Twitter's losses were true. Jason Wilson of the Southern Poverty Law Center criticized Musk's perceived disinterest in "policing hate speech", observing an increase in verified white nationalists and other far-right extremists. Branko Marcetic of socialist magazine Jacobin accused Twitter of bias after several left-wing accounts were suspended. The Brookings Institution said that the importance of Twitter "as a platform for political discourse in the U.S." raised implications for national security, while cybersecurity expert Peter W. Singer detailed multiple cybersecurity concerns stemming from Musk's acquisition.


=== 2023 ===
Soon after Twitter introduced viewing Tweet limits and blocked unregistered users from viewing Tweets, numerous people have voiced concerns over the decline of functionality. Mike Proulx of Forrester Research expressed on a Reuters article that the limits were "'remarkably bad' for users and advertisers already shaken by the 'chaos' Musk has brought to the platform" while Jasmine Enberg of Insider Intelligence stated her concern in the same Reuters article that the move "certainly isn't going to make it any easier to convince advertisers to return." In May 2023, Ron DeSantis launched his 2024 presidential campaign via Twitter Spaces, described as a good sign by entrepreneur David Sacks, due to high interest.
Japanese media reported that the limiting of viewing Tweets prompted many users in the country to abandon the platform entirely, with many flocking to Instagram, Threads, Bakusai, or Misskey.io. On July 3, Japanese game publisher Yostar announced that they would cease connecting their games' accounts to Twitter, citing the API change that had occurred a few days prior as the reason. The move has also lead to concerns over disaster relief efforts in the country, as many prefectures and cities use Twitter to share public information; with Kumamoto Prefecture's official disaster prevention Twitter account announcing that their accounts will be indefinitely out of service on July 5. The viewing Tweet limit also prompted the creation of a Japanese alternate to Twitter named Taittsuu (Japanese: たいっつー), of which 100,000 users flocked to the service within the first week of inauguration. The tweet announcing the website's inauguration stated that their intended concept was to "not remove functions of paid APIs without warning".
In August 2023, a community note falsely accusing Jewish lynching victim Leo Frank of raping and murdering a 13-year-old girl repeatedly appeared on tweets by the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and ADL CEO Jonathan Greenblatt. Neo-Nazi trolls created the note and cited white supremacist websites purporting to substantiate the note's claims. The Times of Israel characterized the note's appearance as part of a pattern of Twitter's features rewarding antisemites.
Later that month, Greenblatt and Twitter CEO Linda Yaccarino had a dialogue about addressing hate speech on the platform. Both parties tweeted about it, sparking a backlash from many right-wing users, who accused the ADL of censorship and bias and launched a "#BanTheADL" hashtag campaign, which trended on the site.  In the wake of this, Elon Musk liked a number of anti-ADL tweets, and Twitter users reported seeing a tweet promoted by Twitter's ad platform containing the white supremacist slogan known as the "fourteen words". Days later, Musk then threatened to sue the organization, stating that the ADL "seems to be responsible for most of our revenue loss", causing the company to lose billions of dollars.
Experts criticized the decision to remove headlines from news articles. Liza Fazio, a cognitive psychologist at Vanderbilt University, said the change "means that it's incredibly easy to present images out of context to spread misinformation". Following the start of the Israel–Hamas war a few days after the change was implemented, Emerson T. Brooking of the Atlantic Council's Digital Forensic Research Lab said the change was "a major boon for terrorists and war propagandists. It makes a difficult, fast-moving situation absolutely indecipherable." Musk later announced the change would be undone.
On November 15, 2023, Musk replied to an antisemitic tweet which supported the white genocide conspiracy theory and accused Jews of "pushing the exact kind of dialectical hatred against whites that they claim to want people to stop using against them". Musk responded that the tweet "said the actual truth". Following this reply, Musk affirmed white nationalism, saying it was "super messed-up" that white people are not "allowed to be proud of their race".
On November 17, 2023, after the ADL had condemned Musk's tweet describing it as "indisputably dangerous", the White House issued a statement with Joe Biden condemning Musk proclaiming "We condemn this abhorrent promotion of antisemitic and racist hate in the strongest terms".
At the DealBook Summit on November 29, 2023, journalist Andrew Ross Sorkin questioned Musk about the withdrawal of advertisers from X following his recent posts. Musk said in response, "I hope they stop. Don’t advertise" and "If somebody is going to try to blackmail me with advertising, blackmail me with money, go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself. Is that clear? I hope it is." Musk mentioned Bob Iger, the CEO of the Walt Disney Company, which had stopped advertising on X; Musk also said that if X fails, it would be "because of an advertiser boycott. And that will be what bankrupts the company." In a post on X on December 7, Musk called for Iger to be fired from Disney.


=== 2024 ===
In September 2024, the book Character Limit: How Elon Musk Destroyed Twitter was released. The book, by New York Times reporters Kate Conger and Ryan Mac, examines Musk's purchase of Twitter and its evolution under him.


== Statistics ==

According to a May 2023 Pew Research survey, a majority of American users say they have taken a break from the platform in 2023, and a quarter said they were "not very or not at all likely" to continue using the platform. Analysis conducted by research firm Sensor Tower in October 2023 found that global active daily users of X via mobile apps had steadily declined during the year after Musk acquired the company, down 16% by September 2023, while the metric showed positive growth for five other major social media platforms. In November 2023, it was reported X has lost 3 million monthly UK visitors, down from 26.8 million since Musk's takeover, according to Ofcom.


== References ==


== Further reading ==Elon Musk is one of the wealthiest people in the world, with an estimated net worth of US $264 
billion as of September 2024, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, and $251.6 billion according to Forbes, primarily from his ownership stakes in Tesla, Inc. and SpaceX.


== History ==
Elon Musk made $175.8 million when PayPal was sold to eBay in October 2002. He was first listed on the Forbes Billionaires List in 2012, with a net worth of $2 billion.  
At the start of 2020, Elon Musk had a net worth of $27 billion. By the end of the year his net worth had increased by $150 billion, mostly driven by his ownership of around 20% of Tesla stock. During this period, Musk's net worth was often volatile. For example, it dropped $16.3 billion on September 8, the largest single-day plunge in Bloomberg Billionaires Index's history at the time. In November of that year, Musk passed Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg to become the third-richest person in the world; a week later he passed Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates to become the second-richest.
In January 2021, Musk, with a net worth of $185 billion, surpassed Amazon founder Jeff Bezos to become the richest person in the world. Bezos reclaimed the top spot the following month. On September 27, 2021, after Tesla stock surged, Forbes announced that Musk had a net worth of over $200 billion, and was the richest person in the world. In November 2021, Musk became the first person to have a net worth of more than $300 billion.
On December 30, 2022, it was reported that Musk had lost $200 billion from his net worth due to declining stock values in Tesla, becoming the first person in history to lose such a large sum of money. In January 2023, Musk was recognized by Guinness World Records for experiencing the "largest loss of personal fortune in history" with regards to his financial losses since November 2021, which Guinness quoted a Forbes estimate of $182 billion.


=== Sources of wealth ===
Around 75% of Musk's wealth was derived from Tesla stock in November 2020, a proportion that fell to about 37% as of December 2022, after selling nearly $40 billion in company shares since late 2021. Musk does not receive a salary from Tesla; he agreed with the board in 2018 to a compensation plan that ties his personal earnings to Tesla's valuation and revenue. The deal stipulated that Musk only received the compensation if Tesla reached certain market values. It was the largest such deal ever done between a CEO and a company board. In the first award, given in May 2020, he was eligible to purchase 1.69 million Tesla shares (about 1% of the company) at below-market prices, which was worth about $800 million.
The above stock compensation deal was invalidated by the Delaware court due to Musk controlling Tesla and having massive influence on the directors, making the compensation decision a "conflicted-controller transaction" which is subject to court review in Delaware law to be judged for fairness. Tesla is trying to reinstate the payment package via new shareholders votes.
Musk paid $455 million in taxes on $1.52 billion of income between 2014 and 2018. According to ProPublica, Musk paid no federal income taxes in 2018. He stated his 2021 tax bill was estimated at $12 billion based on his sale of $14 billion worth of Tesla stock.
Musk has repeatedly described himself as "cash poor", and has "professed to have little interest in the material trappings of wealth". In May 2020, he pledged to sell almost all physical possessions after a talk with Cory Spears. Musk has defended his wealth by saying he is accumulating resources for humanity's outward expansion to space.


== Management ==
Musk's personal wealth is managed by his family office called Excession LLC, formed in 2016 and run by Jared Birchall.


== Giving ==


=== Education ===
Musk has asserted that declining birth rates pose an existential threat to humanity and has donated $10 million to the University of Texas at Austin to further research on the potential risks.


=== Technology ===
In January 2015 Musk donated $10 million to the nonprofit Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.


=== Politics ===
Musk gave more than $10 million to support the Ron DeSantis 2024 presidential campaign.
Musk has donated more than $118 million to America PAC.
According to the Wall Street Journal Musk has donated over $50 million to Citizens for Sanity.


== Notes ==


== References ==Elon Musk is an authorized biography of American business magnate and SpaceX/Tesla CEO Elon Musk. The book was written by Walter Isaacson, a former executive at CNN, TIME and the Aspen Institute who had previously written best-selling biographies of Benjamin Franklin, Albert Einstein, Steve Jobs and Leonardo da Vinci. The book was published on September 12, 2023, by Simon & Schuster.


== Background ==
Elon Musk first announced that Isaacson was in the process of writing his biography in August 2021. He revealed that Isaacson had shadowed him "for several days so far".
Isaacson followed Musk for the next two years, visiting his SpaceX and Tesla factories and attending board meetings. The book is the result of hours of interviews with Musk and his family, friends, colleagues and adversaries. Isaacson was present when Musk decided to buy Twitter and to run his new AI company; Musk also shared messages from the Ukrainian minister Mykhailo Fedorov, and some were included in the book. Isaacson later said in an interview that "Elon is very mercurial, but he never told me not to put anything in the book."


== Contents ==
Isaacson writes that Musk is "addicted to drama".


=== Crimean Starlink coverage deactivation claim ===

Among the book's revelations was an account that Musk ordered Starlink to disable access to Ukrainian drones in 2022, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine, thwarting an attack on Russian warships in Crimea. Musk denied the allegation, saying satellites in the region were not turned on, and that he chose not to activate them. The biography claim prompted several allegations against Musk for deliberately disrupting the operation. Isaacson later retracted his claim as a mistake, as Crimea had no Starlink coverage prior to the attack similarly to other Russian-occupied territories of Ukraine. 
The Washington Post, which had published Isaacson's opinion piece, corrected that "after the publication of this adaptation, the author learned that his book mischaracterized the attempted attack by Ukrainian drones on the Russian fleet in Crimea. Musk had already disabled ("geofenced") coverage within 100 km of the Crimean coast before the attack began, and when the Ukrainians discovered this, they asked him to activate the coverage, and he refused." The Guardian and CNN also added a footnote to correct the claim.
Isaacson corrected his claim and clarified that Elon Musk said that the policy to not allow Starlink to be used for an attack on Crimea had been implemented earlier than the night of the Ukrainian attack, while Ukrainians did not know about it. Ukrainian general Kyrylo Budanov declared being "not sure that Elon Musk operated some mythical buttons and stopped the movement of some devices. This is my personal opinion. The fact that the Starlink systems did not work for a certain time near the Crimea, I can absolutely confirm, because we also used a certain technique. We immediately realized that there is simply no coverage there".


== Reception ==
Ahead of its publication, the book topped Amazon's bestseller list. It debuted at number one on The New York Times nonfiction best-seller list for the week ending September 16, 2023.
At the review aggregator website Book Marks, the book had an overall rating of "mixed", based on 15 book reviews from mainstream literary critics. 
The New York Times critic Jennifer Szalai wrote, "Isaacson [...] is a patient chronicler of obsession; in the case of Musk, he can occasionally seem too patient."
Brian Merchant of the Los Angeles Times criticized Isaacson's "great man" biography format as extremely dated and took issue with his persistent framing of Musk as a "moody but brilliant world-mover", writing, "The author will unearth unflattering personal anecdotes and share stories about the subject's capacity to be cruel. In exchange, the subject's greatness will be treated as an assumption."
In The Guardian, Gary Shteyngart called the book a "dull, insight-free doorstop", and criticized the author, writing, "I held Isaacson's judgment in low regard. Vaccine sceptic Joe Rogan is 'knowledgeable'. Musk's humour – he took the 'w' out of the Twitter sign in San Francisco because 'tit' is so inherently funny – has 'many levels'. Linda Yaccarino, Musk's almost comically bumbling CEO of X-nee-Twitter is 'wickedly smart'."
Constance Grady of Vox also criticized the book. While writing that it is "strictly a book of reportage" and that "[Isaacson's] reporting is rigorous and dogged", the reviewer noted that the book "asks all the wrong questions".
Jill Lepore of The New Yorker wrote that "Isaacson's new biography depicts a man who wields more power than almost any other person on the planet but seems estranged from humanity itself". The reviewer found the book's ending a "disconcerting thing to read":

"Sometimes great innovators are risk-seeking man-children who resist potty training," Isaacson concludes in the last lines of his life of Musk. "They can be reckless, cringeworthy, sometimes even toxic. They can also be crazy. Crazy enough to think they can change the world."
The Verge critic Elizabeth Lopatto criticized the book and Isaacson, writing that on the subject of the lack of sourcing for the allegations of Starlink being shut off, that more interviews could have been held but that "Isaacson chose not to" and "rolled over" on social media when Musk contested, while also stating that Isaacson did not dig deeper and left out details to "keep Musk's myth intact."


== Criticism by Vivian Wilson ==
In an interview with NBC News, Vivian Jenna Wilson, Musk's estranged oldest child, criticized the book as inaccurate and unfair to her, describing her as a "radical Marxist", which she refutes, and referring to her as "Jenna". Isaacson sourced his claim from Christiana Musk, the wife of Elon's brother Kimbal Musk, but never contacted Vivian before printing the claims. Isaacson claims to have reached out to her through family members.
In a series of posts on threads in August, Wilson said that Isaacson never reached out to her, and described the book as "genuinely defamatory", saying that it deliberately avoided including any testimony by her; in favor of trivializing her trans identity and misconstruing her reasons for separation to make her appear as being "naive", "stupid", and "an irredeemable human being" in order to frame her existence as "a villain-origin backstory" for her father's rightwards political shift.


== Film adaptation ==
On November 10, 2023, it was announced that A24 had purchased the film rights for an adaptation to be directed by Darren Aronofsky.


== See also ==
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future, 2015 biography of Musk
Ludicrous: The Unvarnished Story of Tesla Motors, 2019 nonfiction book about Musk's management of Tesla
Power Play: Tesla, Elon Musk, and the Bet of the Century, 2021 nonfiction book about Musk's management of Tesla


== References ==Elon Musk's Tesla Roadster is an electric sports car that served as the dummy payload for the February 2018 Falcon Heavy test flight and became an artificial satellite of the Sun. A mannequin in a spacesuit, dubbed "Starman", occupies the driver's seat. The car and rocket are products of Tesla and SpaceX, respectively, both companies headed by Elon Musk. The 2010 Roadster is personally owned by and previously used by Musk for commuting to work. It is the first production car launched into space.
The car, mounted on the rocket's second stage, was launched on an escape trajectory and entered an elliptical heliocentric orbit crossing the orbit of Mars. The orbit reaches a maximum distance from the Sun at aphelion of 1.66 astronomical units (au). Video of the Roadster during the launch was transmitted back to the mission control center and live-streamed.
Advertising analysts noted Musk's sense of brand management and use of new media for his decision to launch a Tesla into space. Musk explained he wanted to inspire the public about the "possibility of something new happening in space" as part of his larger vision for spreading humanity to other planets.


== Background ==

In March 2017, SpaceX's founder, Elon Musk, said that because the launch of the new Falcon Heavy vehicle was risky, it would carry the "silliest thing we can imagine".
In June 2017, one of his Twitter followers suggested that the silly thing be a Tesla Model S, to which Musk replied: "Suggestions welcome!"
In December 2017, Musk announced that the payload would be his personal "midnight cherry Tesla Roadster".
One of the test flight objectives was to demonstrate that the new rocket could carry a payload as far as the orbit of Mars. NASA deputy administrator Lori Garver stated that SpaceX had "offered free launches to NASA, Air Force etc. but got no takers", and that "the Tesla gimmick was the backup".
The Roadster is the first standard roadworthy vehicle sent into space, following several special-purpose lunar and Mars rovers.


=== Roadster as payload ===

The car was permanently mounted on the rocket in an inclined position above the payload adapter. Tubular structures were added to mount front and side cameras. Photos of the car prior to payload encapsulation were released.
Positioned in the driver's seat is "Starman", a full-scale human mannequin clad in a SpaceX pressure spacesuit. It was placed with the right hand on the steering wheel and the left elbow resting on the open window sill. The mannequin was named after the David Bowie song "Starman", and the car's sound system was set before launch to continuously loop the Bowie song "Space Oddity".
A copy of Douglas Adams' novel The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is in the glove box, along with references to the book in the form of a towel and a sign on the dashboard that reads "DON'T PANIC!". 
A Hot Wheels miniature Roadster with a miniature Starman is mounted on the dashboard. A plaque bearing the names of the employees who worked on the project is placed underneath the car, and a message on the vehicle's circuit board reads "Made on Earth by humans". The car carries a copy of Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy on a 5D optical disc, a proof of concept for high-density long-lasting data storage, donated to Musk by the Arch Mission Foundation.


== Trajectory ==

The US Office of Commercial Space Transportation issued the test flight's launch license on February 2, 2018. The rocket lifted off from Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center at 15:45 EST (20:45 UTC) on February 6. The upper stage supporting the car was initially placed in an Earth parking orbit. It spent six hours coasting through the Van Allen radiation belts, thereby demonstrating a new capability requested by the U.S. Air Force for direct insertion of heavy intelligence satellites into geostationary orbit. Then, the upper stage performed a second boost to reach the desired escape trajectory.
The launch was live streamed, and video feeds from space showed the Roadster at various angles, with Earth in the background, thanks to cameras placed inside and outside the car, on booms attached to the vehicle's custom adaptor atop the upper stage. Musk had estimated the car's battery would last over 12 hours, but the live stream ran for just over four hours, thus ending before the final boost out of Earth orbit. The images were released by SpaceX into the public domain on their Flickr account.
Following the launch, the rocket stage carrying the car was given the Satellite Catalog Number 43205, named "TESLA ROADSTER/FALCON 9H", along with the COSPAR designation 2018-017A. The JPL Horizons system publishes solutions for the trajectory as target body "-143205".
The Roadster is in a heliocentric orbit that crosses the orbit of Mars and reaches a distance of 1.66 au from the Sun. With an inclination of roughly 1 degree to the ecliptic plane, compared to Mars' 1.85° inclination, this trajectory by design cannot intercept Mars, so the car will neither fly by Mars nor enter an orbit around Mars. This was the second object launched by SpaceX to leave Earth orbit, after the DSCOVR mission to the Earth–Sun L1 Lagrangian point. Nine months after launch, the Tesla had travelled beyond the orbit of Mars, reaching aphelion at 12:48 UTC on November 9, 2018, at a distance of 248,892,559 km (1.664 au) from the Sun. The maximum speed of the car relative to the Sun will be approximately 121,000 km/h (75,000 mph) at perihelion.
Even if the rocket had targeted an actual Mars transfer orbit, the car could not have been placed into orbit around Mars, because the upper stage that carries it is not equipped with the necessary propellant, maneuvering, and communications capabilities. This flight simply demonstrated that Falcon Heavy is capable of launching significant payloads towards Mars in potential future missions.


== Cultural impact ==
The car in space quickly became a topic for Internet memes. Western Australia Police distributed a picture of a radar gun aimed at the Roadster whilst above Australia. Škoda produced a parody video of a Škoda Superb being driven to Mars, a village in central France. An attempt was made by Donut Media to launch a Hot Wheels Tesla Model X to the stratosphere using a weather balloon. ToSky, a Russian start-up, sent a scale model of a Soviet-era Lada carrying a mannequin of Roscosmos head Dmitry Rogozin to an altitude of 20 km (12 miles) to gather test data for the design of stratostats.
Some news reports observed a similarity between the real pictures of a car orbiting the Earth and the title sequence of the animated cult classic film Heavy Metal (1981), where a space traveler lands on Earth in a two-seater Chevrolet Corvette convertible.
The SpaceX launch live stream reached over 2.3 million concurrent viewers on YouTube, which made it the second most watched live event on the platform, behind another space-related event: Felix Baumgartner's jump from the stratosphere in 2012.


== Reactions ==
The choice of the Roadster as a dummy payload was variously interpreted as marketing for Tesla, or a work of art, with some worrying about the risk to contamination of otherwise sterile solar system bodies. Some also commented on how the Roadster was not a space debris risk.


=== Marketing ===
Musk was lauded as a visionary marketer and brand manager by controlling both the timing and the content of his corporate public relations. After the launch, Scientific American said using a car was not entirely pointless, in the sense that something of that size and weight was necessary for a meaningful test. "Thematically, it was a perfect fit" to use the Tesla car, and there was no reason not to take the opportunity to remind the auto industry that Musk was challenging the status quo in that arena, as well as in space. 
Advertising Age agreed with Business Insider that the Roadster space launch was the "greatest ever car commercial without a dime spent on advertising", demonstrating that Musk is "miles ahead of the rest" in reaching young consumers, where "mere mortals scrabble about spending millions to fight each other over seconds of air time", Musk "just executes his vision." Alex Hern, technology reporter for The Guardian, said the choice to launch a car was a "hybrid of genuine breakthrough and nerd-baiting publicity stunt" without "any real point beyond generating good press pics", which should not detract from the much more important technological milestone represented by the launch of the rocket itself.
Lori Garver, a former NASA deputy director, initially said the choice of payload for the Falcon Heavy maiden flight is a gimmick and a loss of opportunity to further advance science—but later clarified that "I was told by a SpaceX VP (vice president) at the launch that they offered free launches to NASA, Air Force etc. but got no takers."
Musk responded to the critics stating he wanted to inspire the public about the "possibility of something new happening in space," as part of his larger vision for spreading humanity to other planets.


=== Work of art ===

The Verge likened the Roadster to a "ready-made" work of art, such as Marcel Duchamp's 1917 piece Fountain, created by placing an everyday object in an unusual position, context and orientation.
Alice Gorman, a lecturer in archaeology and space studies at Flinders University in Australia, said that the Roadster's primary purpose is symbolic communication, that "the red sports car symbolises masculinity – power, wealth and speed – but also how fragile masculinity is." Drawing on anthropological theories of symbols, she argues that "The car is also an armour against dying, a talisman that quells a profound fear of mortality." Gorman wrote that "the spacesuit is also about death. [...] The Starman was never alive, but now he's haunting space."


=== Space debris non-risk ===
Orbital debris expert Darren McKnight stated that the car poses no risk because it is far from Earth orbit. He added: "The enthusiasm and interest that [Musk] generates more than offsets the infinitesimally small 'littering' of the cosmos." Tommy Sanford, director of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, said that the car and its rocket stage are no more "space junk" than the mundane material usually launched on other test flights. Mass simulators are often deliberately placed in a graveyard orbit or sent on a deep space trajectory, where they are not a hazard.


=== Bacteriological contamination ===
The Planetary Society was concerned that launching a non-sterile object to interplanetary space may risk biological contamination of a foreign world. Scientists at Purdue University noted that the vehicle will be sterilized by solar radiation over time and the vehicle is most likely to hit the Earth in the future, though some bacteria might survive on some components of the vehicle which could contaminate Mars in the distant future if it were to hit Mars instead.


== Orbit tracking ==
The car and the upper stage were passivated by intentionally removing remaining chemical and electrical energy, at which point they ceased transmitting telemetry. Based on optical observations made using a robotic telescope at the Warrumbungle Observatory, Dubbo, Australia and refinement of the orbit, a close re-encounter with Earth (originally predicted for 2073) is not possible. In October 2020 the car made a close approach to Mars, about 8 million kilometres (5 million miles) away, at which distance Mars's gravity had no significant effect on the Roadster's orbit.
The Virtual Telescope Project observed the Tesla two days after its launch, where it had a magnitude of 15.5, comparable to Pluto's moon Charon. The Roadster was automatically spotted and logged by the Asteroid Terrestrial-impact Last Alert System (ATLAS) telescope operated by the University of Hawaiʻi. The car was observed by the Deimos Sky Survey (DeSS) at a distance of 720,000 km (450,000 mi) with a flashing effect suggesting spinning.

Through measuring changes in apparent brightness of the object, astronomers have determined that the Roadster is rotating with a period of 4.7589 ± 0.0060 minutes (i.e. 4 minutes, 46 seconds). By February 11, 2018, astrometry measurements from 241 independent observations had been collated, refining the positions to within one-tenth of an arcsecond and published by the SeeSat-L mailing list, a group of amateur satellite spotters—more accurate than for most observations of objects in space.


=== Future predictions ===
The roadster made its first close approach to Mars on October 7, 2020. The next close approach to Earth will be in the year 2047 at a distance of 5 million kilometers, about 13 times the distance between Earth and the Moon. Simulations over a 3-million-year timespan found a probability of the Roadster colliding with Earth at approximately 6%, or with Venus at approximately 2.5%. These probabilities of collision are similar to those of other near-Earth objects. The half-life for the tested orbits was calculated as approximately 20 million years, but with trajectories varying significantly following a close approach to the Earth–Moon system in 2091.
Musk had originally speculated that the car could drift in space for a billion years. According to chemist William Carroll, solar radiation, cosmic radiation, and micrometeoroid impacts will structurally degrade the car over time. Radiation will eventually break down any material with carbon–carbon bonds, including carbon fiber parts. Tires, paint, plastic and leather might have lasted only about a year, while carbon fiber parts will last considerably longer. Eventually, only the aluminum frame, inert metals, and glass not shattered by meteoroids will remain.


=== Potential follow up mission ===
In August 2019, as the Roadster completed its first orbit around the Sun, Musk stated that SpaceX may one day launch a small spacecraft or Starship to catch up with the Roadster and take photographs or even return it to Earth for studying solar erosion on it just as Apollo 12 did with Surveyor 3 lander's components.


== See also ==
List of artificial objects in heliocentric orbit
List of passive satellites


== References ==


== External links ==

"Live Views of Starman (4:13:10)". YouTube. SpaceX. February 6, 2018.
"0.43-m F6.8 Planewave telescope, Dubbo, AU", Wikimedia Commons, February 9, 2018, Loop of 4 frames of Roadster moving across the sky
"Starman cruising through space (00:12)". YouTube. February 11, 2018.
"Random walk of cars and their collision probabilities with planets". Aerospace. 5 (2): 57. February 13, 2018. arXiv:1802.04718v2. Bibcode:2018Aeros...5...57R. doi:10.3390/aerospace5020057.


=== Real-time ===
Trajectory animation, past and future events, orbital elements.

"Where in Space is Tesla Roadster". Where is Tesla Roadster. Unaffiliated. March 27, 2018.
"Where is Starman? Track Elon Musk's Tesla Roadster in Space!". Where is Roadster. Unaffiliated. February 7, 2018.