Jeff Bezos, the business magnate, is a prominent American family active in business and philanthropy. He and his former wife Mackenzie Scott co-founded Amazon.
Jeff's mother and stepfather are the co-founders of the Bezos Family Foundation.
The family members have Danish-American, Mexican American and Cuban heritage.


== Notable family members ==
Ted Jorgensen (1944–2015) is the Danish-American biological father of Bezos. Jorgensen was a unicycle hockey player as a youth, and a bicycle shop owner as an adult. He left Bezos' mother and Bezos when Bezos was an infant.
Miguel Bezos (born 1945 or 1946) is the step-father of Jeff Bezos. He was born in Cuba and moved to the United States in 1962. He is the vice-president and the co-founder of the Bezos Family Foundation.
Jackie Bezos (born 1946) is the mother of Jeff Bezos. She was married to Jorgensen from 1963 to 1965. She later married Miguel Bezos.
Mark Bezos (born 1967) is the half brother of Jeff Bezos. He is a space tourist, a volunteer fire fighter, and former advertising executive.
Lauren Sánchez (born 1969) got engaged to Bezos in May 2023. She is a former journalist and current philanthropist. Sánchez is Mexican-American.
MacKenzie Scott (born 1970) is the former wife of Bezos, marrying him in 1993 and divorcing him in 2019. Scott is a writer, philanthropist, and co-founder of Amazon.com.


== Other immediate family members ==
Jeff Bezos and MacKenzie are the parents of four children: three sons, and one daughter adopted from China. 
Jackie and Miguel also gave birth to Jeff's half sister Christina.


== In popular culture ==
The family features in Brad Stone's 2013 book The Everything Store and in the 2022 biographical film Bezos: The Beginning, directed by Khoa Le. The film was based on the 2021 book Zero to Hero, Bezos: The Beginning (ISBN 979-8709873797).


== References ==In January 2020, the FTI Consulting company claimed that in May 2018 with "medium to high confidence" the phone of Jeff Bezos had been hacked by a file sent from the WhatsApp account of the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Salman. The Saudi Arabian embassy to the United States has denied the allegations. Billionaire Jeff Bezos, the owner of The Washington Post newspaper and founder of the company Amazon, engaged FTI Consulting in February 2019 after the National Enquirer in January 2019 reported details of Bezos's affair. FTI Consulting did not link the National Enquirer to the hack. In December 2021, the FBI stated they could not find proof to substantiate claims that Saudi Arabia hacked Jeff Bezos phone, and has considered an investigation into those allegations a low priority.


== Background ==
Starting in September 2017, The Washington Post, which is owned by Bezos, published a series of columns by Jamal Khashoggi that were critical of Saudi Arabia or bin Salman. In April 2018, Bezos attended a small dinner with bin Salman and exchanged WhatsApp numbers. Bezos and bin Salman proceeded to exchange friendly messages. Khashoggi was murdered in October 2018; Washington Post reporting became increasingly critical of the role of Saudi regime and bin Salman in the murder.


== Alleged incident ==
According to a United Nations analysis of the evidence of surveillance on Bezos's phone, the following events occurred on May 1, 2018:A message from the Crown Prince account was sent to Mr. Bezos through WhatsApp. The message is an encrypted video file. It is later established, with reasonable certainty, that the video's downloader infects Mr. Bezos' phone with malicious code.


== Investigations ==
In January 2019, the National Enquirer released details of Bezos having conducted an affair. Bezos had security specialist Gavin de Becker lead an investigation into how the National Enquirer obtained the information.
In February 2019, Bezos wrote a post on Medium, accusing The National Enquirer and its parent company American Media, Inc. (AMI) of extortion and blackmail of him with images of his affair. In the post, Bezos referenced that AMI had been investigated for "various actions they've taken on behalf of the Saudi Government", and stated that the reporting of The Washington Post on the killing of Jamal Khashoggi "is undoubtedly unpopular in certain circles".
Later in February 2019, Bezos and de Becker hired digital forensic experts from the FTI Consulting company to analyse Bezos's iPhone. The Wall Street Journal later reported that Bezos did not want to give his phone directly to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); thus he had FTI Consulting do the work. Some FTI Consulting workers previously worked for the FBI. The Wall Street Journal also reported that FTI Consulting communicated with law enforcement officials about their work.
In March 2019, de Becker wrote an article for The Daily Beast, stating that Bezos' and his "investigators and several experts concluded with high confidence that the Saudis had access to Bezos's phone, and gained private information". de Becker also reported he had presented details of his investigation to law enforcement officials; furthermore, he said there was a "close relationship" between bin Salman and American Media CEO David Pecker. He highlighted that AMI had attempted to have him publicly declare that the investigation into Bezos's phone found that AMI had not used "eavesdropping or hacking in their newsgathering process", and had demanded his declaration that AMI's story was not "influenced in any manner by external forces". Lastly, de Becker stated that it was "unclear" whether AMI knew of the alleged hack by the Saudis.
In April 2019, Bezos was interviewed by federal investigators when the FBI was researching whether Israeli technology company NSO Group had conducted hacks into people and companies in the United States. As of November 2021, probes by the U.S. government have not led to public action against the National Enquirer or Saudi Arabia.
In November 2019, FTI Consulting finished compiling the report for the forensic analysis of Bezos's phone.
The Guardian broke the story on January 21, 2020, of the results of the analysis of Bezos's phone, reporting that the analysis indicated it was highly likely that Bezos's phone had been infiltrated by a malicious video file sent from bin Salman's WhatsApp account. FTI Consulting's conclusion was made with "medium to high confidence", the report stated. The full forensic report was published by Motherboard on January 23, 2020.
The report stated that just "hours" after Bezos received the file from bin Salman, his phone began transmitting dramatically higher amounts of data, and that this continued for months. The video in the file was not infected, but the downloader of the file could not be analyzed by investigators because it was encrypted by WhatsApp. The report points to two pieces of circumstantial evidence: first, a November 2018 message from bin Salman to Bezos includes an image resembling the woman Bezos was having an affair with, despite the affair not being public knowledge at the time; second, a February 2019 text from bin Salman to Bezos urges Bezos not to believe everything, after Bezos was briefed on the phone regarding an Internet campaign against him conducted by Saudis. The report states that investigators' belief that bin Salman's advisor, Saud al-Qahtani, obtained the hacking software. The report does not link The National Enquirer to the hack.
The United Nations special rapporteur on summary executions and extrajudicial killings Agnès Callamard and special rapporteur on freedom of expression David Kaye reviewed a forensic analysis of Bezos' phone. On January 22, 2020, Callamard and Kaye stated that "the allegations are also reinforced by other evidence of Saudi targeting of dissidents and perceived opponents". They noted other phones that were hacked from May 2018 to June 2018, belonging to two Khashoggi associates (Yahya Assiri and Omar Abdulaziz), an Amnesty International official, and Saudi dissident Ghanem al-Dosari. The UN experts stated: "During the same period, Mr. Bezos was widely targeted in Saudi social media as an alleged adversary of the Kingdom. This was part of a massive, clandestine online campaign against Mr. Bezos and Amazon, apparently targeting him principally as the owner of The Washington Post." As a result, Callamard and Kaye called for "immediate investigation" by relevant authorities of the alleged phone hacks, "including investigation of the continuous, multi-year, direct and personal involvement of the Crown Prince in efforts to target perceived opponents."


== Reaction to allegations ==
In February 2019, Adel al-Jubeir, minister of state for foreign affairs for Saudi Arabia, announced the country had "absolutely nothing to do with the hacking". 
In March 2019, AMI released a statement responding to de Becker's column that the only source for their story on Bezos was Michael Sanchez, the brother of Bezos's girlfriend and that there was "no involvement by any other third party whatsoever." A year later, Michael Sanchez sued AMI, stating in court documents that when the National Enquirer first contacted him, they already had "raunchy text messages and nude selfies exchanged" by Bezos and Sanchez's sister. Michael Sanchez denied giving AMI explicit photos and accused AMI of hacking Bezos's phone.
In January 2020, the Twitter account of the kingdom's U.S. embassy explicitly rejected the claim that Saudi Arabia was behind the hack, and called for an investigation into the incident.


== Analysis ==
The Guardian speculated in January 2020 that the hacking allegation would weaken bin Salman's ability to attract more Western investors to Saudi Arabia and lead to renewed scrutiny of the murder of Khashoggi and bin Salman's involvement. The outlet also reported that Saudi experts believed that Bezos was hacked because of The Washington Post's coverage of Saudi Arabia, including Khashoggi's criticism of bin Salman. One such expert was Andrew Miller, who served on the national security council under President Obama, who claimed that Bezos' targeting by the crown prince reflects the personality-centric nature of Saudi politics.
The Washington Post in January 2020 quoted security researchers as saying that "Bezos probably fell victim to the iPhone's Achilles' heel: Its defences are so difficult to penetrate that once sophisticated attackers are in, they can go largely undetected." One of the reported reasons for this weakness of the iPhone was that its maker Apple "employs a secretive approach to finding and fixing security".
United Nations special rapporteurs Agnès Callamard and David Kaye stated in January 2020 that the alleged hacking suggests that there was "an effort to influence, if not silence, the Washington Post's reporting on Saudi Arabia", with bin Salman possibly part of the operation. They declared that the alleged hacking was relevant to the issue of whether bin Salman was involved in the killing of Jamal Khashoggi.
MIT Technology Review offered the opinion in January 2020 that FTI Consulting's report "lacks conclusive evidence", noting that it failed to decisively identify the specific spyware used against Bezos.
Motherboard in January 2020 quoted mobile forensic expert Sarah Edwards that FTI's results, as reported in January 2020, were only about 50% complete. Edwards pointed to a lack of analysis of core files, "where that state-sponsored malware is going to be found". Meanwhile, Vladimir Katalov, the leader of an iOS forensics company, opined to Motherboard that it seemed as if the "experts were not qualified enough".


== References ==


== External links ==
No thank you, Mr. Pecker - February 2019 post on Medium by Jeff Bezos accusing AMI of extortion and blackmail
Bezos Investigation Finds the Saudis Obtained His Private Data - March 2019 column on The Daily Beast by Gavin de Becker, accusing the Saudis of hacking Bezos's phone
Project Cato - November 2019 report by FTI Consulting of the forensic examination of Jeff Bezos's phone
UN experts call for investigation into allegations that Saudi Crown Prince involved in hacking of Jeff Bezos' phone - January 2020 press release by United Nations Special Rapporteurs
Analysis of the Evidence of Surveillance of Mr. Bezos' personal phone - Key Technical Elements, and Brief Timeline of Key Events  - January 2020 annex to press release by United Nations Special Rapporteurs
The Untold Story of How Jeff Bezos Beat the Tabloids - An excerpt from the book Amazon UnboundYou Are Jeff Bezos is a satirical text adventure game, developed and released in 2018 by indie developer and writer Kris Lorischild, then known as Kris Ligman. The game's premise involves the player waking up one morning as Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, and being tasked with spending his entire US$156 billion fortune.


== Plot ==
The game opens with the player character awaking from "unsettling dreams", only to notice that they have transformed into "a monstrous vermin" – Jeff Bezos.  The game then claims that spending all of Bezos' money may allow the player to return to their real body and identity, as spending all his money would "disintegrate his physical form". The player is then given a variety of options of things to spend Bezos' money on, such as repairing Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria, paying for Donald Trump's border wall and then not building it, doubling the salary of every Amazon employee and ending homelessness in the United States. As options are completed, various text appears describing reactions to the player's actions, including praise, confusion and concern from fellow billionaires. Eventually, the player is accosted and tied up by bodyguards and members of Bezos' extended family, before escaping and continuing to spend his fortune. The game contains multiple different endings, including some hidden ones based on options that can only be triggered under specific circumstances.


== Development ==
Lorischild wrote You Are Jeff Bezos using Twine over the course of four days. They described it as "[starting] as a joke, and it probably should've remained that way, but people made the mistake of encouraging me" and as "a power fantasy which takes massive real-life social problems and reduces them to a few round numbers", that they hoped a small number of people may briefly enjoy. In response to people's perception of the political slant of the game, they stated that they "don't really consider the game socialist [...] anti-capitalist, maybe, in a vague and incoherent way".


== Reception ==
Following its release in October 2018, You Are Jeff Bezos became a viral hit, and was subject to coverage from media such as Vice and Newsweek, the latter of which described it as "critiquing the entire concept of billionaires". GeekWire stated that "if your financial decisions are based on working with a lot less money [...] being Jeff Bezos for a minute is certainly eye opening". Writing for Fanbyte, John Warren recommended the game, describing it as "funny and honest" and noting that "my 10-minute playthrough showed off plenty of Ligman's barbed commentary". The game was listed as one of "The Weirdest Video Games Of 2018" by Junkee.
Paste described the game as "a piece of advocacy—but it's not too dry or serious". The Outline stated that "maybe the most "fun" part of the game is not literally spending Jeff Bezos's money, but remembering that he is only one of many, many newly minted, appallingly wealthy Silicon Valley tycoons". While discussing the game's popularity, Lorischild said that "I think it speaks to how frustrated people are that the game exploded the way it did", and that "on some level most of us recognize that money is a shitty game we never asked to be opted into, and for as long as most of the world plays it, it's nearly impossible for any of us to opt out".


== References ==


== External links ==
You Are Jeff Bezos at itch.io
You Are Jeff Bezos in the Interactive Fiction Database